THE ADVENT REVIEW, 
AND SABBATH HERALD.

Here is the Patience of the Saints, Here are they that keep the Commandments of God and the Faith of Jesus."

VOL. VI.      ROCHESTER, N.Y., THIRD-DAY, AUGUST 15, 1854.    NO. 1.

THE REVIEW AND HERALD. 
IS PUBLISHED WEEKLY 
At South St. Paul-st., Stone's Block. 
TERMS.-One Dollar a Year, in Advance. 
J. N. ANDREWS, R. F. COTTRELL, URIAH SMITH, 
Publishing Committee. 
JAMES WHITE, Editor. 

All communications, orders, and remittances should be 
addressed 
to JAMES WHITE Rochester, N. Y. 109 Monroe 
Street, (post-paid.) 

Leading Doctrines Taught by the Review. 
The Bible, and the Bible alone, the rule of faith and duty.
The Law of God, as taught in the Old and New  Testaments, unchangeable. 
The Personal Advent of Christ and the Resurrection of the 
Just, before the Millennium. 
The Earth restored to its Eden perfection and glory, the final 
Inheritance of the Saints. 
Immortality alone through Christ, to be given to the Saints 
at the Resurrection. 

'TIS ALL FOR THE BEST. 
BY ANNIE R. SMITH. 

"All things work together for good to them that love God" 

THROUGH this dark "valley of conflict" and sin, 
Trials without and temptations within, 
Onward to glory, still urge thy lone way, 
Joyful in hope of the long-promised day. 
In every danger thou host a sure guide; 
To every cloud there is yet a bright side; Falter then not at the sternest behest, 
Ever remember-'tis all for the best! 

Just as the eagle in teaching to fly, 
Forceth her young from their covert so high; 
Then if strength faileth, beneath them she flies, 
On her wings beareth them safe to the skies; 
So will the arm of Jehovah uphold; 
In each affliction his mercies unfold; 
Murmur then not that "he stirreth thy nest," Ever remember-'tis all for the best! 

Never of Providence dare to complain; 
Sunshine and storm both must ripen the grain; 
Tried is the gold that the purest will shine; 
Crushed is the vintage that yieldeth the wine. 
He who the end from beginning can tell,
Works for thy good; for he doeth all well: 
This that prepares for the mansions of rest-
Ever remember-'tis all for the best! 

PERPETUITY OF THE ROYAL LAW. 
OR, THE TEN COMMANDMENTS NOT ADOLISHED. 
BY J. N. ANDREWS. 

IT is painful to witness the various inconsistent 
and self-contradictory positions resorted to by those 
who reject the Sabbath of the Lord. But of all the 
positions adopted, none seem so dangerous, or fraught 
with such alarming consequence; as the view that 
the Law of God, by which the Sabbath is enforced, 
has been abolished, and that we are, therefore, under 
no obligation to remember the Sabbath-day to keep 
it holy. The question whether God has abolished 
his law or not, is, indeed, the main point at issue in 
the Sabbath controversy; for when it is shown that 
that law still exists, and that its perpetuity is clearly 
taught in the New Testament, the question is most 
conclusively settled, that the Sabbath is binding on 
us, and upon all men. 

The Sabbath of the Lord is embodied in the 
fourth commandment of the Decalogue. This commandment 
stands in the midst of nine moral precepts 
which Jehovah, after uttering with his own 
voice, wrote with his own finger on the tables of 
stone. These nine commandments stand around the 
Sabbath of the Lord, an impregnable bulwark, which 
all the enemies of that sacred institution in vain attempt 
to destroy. It is evident that the Sabbath of the fourth 
commandment cannot be set aside unless the Decalogue 
can be destroyed. Hence the enemies of the 
Sabbatic institution have brought their heaviest artillery 
to bear upon the law of the Most High: calculating 
that when they had destroyed this strong 
hold, the Sabbath would fall an easy prey to their 
attack. We invite attention then to the law and 
to the testimony. By the unerring word of God we 
wish to settle this question; and this we believe can 
be done in the most satisfactory manner. 

That the hand-writing of ordinances containing the 
feasts, new moons and the associated annual sabbaths 
of the Jews, has been abolished and taken out of the 
way,we do not doubt. This was not the moral law of 
God; but was merely the shadow of good things to come. 
But the royal law in which are the ten commandments 
of God is the subject of this investigation, and 
it is the perpetuity and immutability of this law that 
we affirm. If the law of God has been destroyed, 
the act must have been accomplished by one of three 
things; viz., 1. By the teachings of the Lord Jesus; 
or 2. By his death; or 3. By the apostles. We 
believe that all will agree to this statement. 

1. Was the law of God abolished by the teachings of 
our Lord Jesus Christ? Let us listen to his own 
words. 

"Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to 
fulfill. For verily, I say unto you, Till heaven and 
earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass 
from the law, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore 
shall break one of these least commandments, 
and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in 
the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do, and 
teach them, the same shall be called great in the 
kingdom of heaven." Matt. v, 17-19. 

Our Lord here testifies that he did not come to 
destroy the law or the prophets. Then it is a fact 
that he did not destroy either. But what is it to 
destroy the law? We answer, that it can only signify 
to abolish, or to annul it. And thus Campbell 
renders the word:- "Think not that I am come to 
subvert the law." Whiting renders it:- "Think not 
that I am come to annul the law." It is therefore 
certain that our Lord did not Oorne to subvert, annul, 
or destroy, the law of God. Hence it follows thatthe 
law of God was not annulled or abrogated by him. 
He adds, that instead of coming to destroy, he came 
to fulfill. If this was the object of the Saviour's 
mission, did he not by this act do away the law, set 
it aside, and relieve us from obligation to keep its 
precepts? Let us see. As Campbell renders the 
text, it reads, "I am not come to subvert, but to ratify." 
That is, I am not come to abolish the law, but to 
confirm, and render still more sacred, its just demands. 
If that was the object of our Lord's mission, it follows 
that he did not lessen our obligation to obey the law of his Father. 

But let us return to the word "fulfill." Christ 
came to fulfill the law, hence he did fulfill it. What 
is it to fulfill a law? Let the apostle James answer: 
"If ye fulfill the royal law according to the scripture, 
Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, ye 
do well; but if ye have respect to persons, ye commit 
sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors." 
James ii, 8, 9. It is evident that James here 
places the transgression of the law in contrast with, 
or in opposition to, the fulfillment of the law; therefore 
it follows that the fulfillment of the law is the 
reverse of its violation. In other words, it is its observance. 
To fulfill the law in the manner that 
James enjoins, is to render complete obedience to its 
divine requirements. 

But it may be contended that to fulfill the law in 
the sense of our Lord's declaration, accomplishes its 
purpose, and takes it out of the way. To show the  
absurdity of this view, let us take another of Christ's 
sayings which is of the same character, precisely. 
When John refused to baptize the Saviour, Jesus 
said, "Suffer it to be so now; for thus it becometh 
us to fulfill all righteousness." Matt iii, 15. Did 
the Saviour, by fulfilling all righteousness, weaken, 
take out of the way, or destroy all righteousness? 
Certainly not. No one will claim that he lessened 
our obligation to fulfill all righteousness also. 

But how did Christ fulfill the law of his Father? 
There is but one way in which this could be accomplished, 
and that is to answer its just demands. 
What were those demands? We answer: first, the 
law of God demands perfect obedience. The justice 
of this, none will deny. But when the law has been 
violated, it demands the death of the transgressor. 
Sin is the transgression of the law." 1 John iii, 4. 
"The wages of sin is death;." Rom. vi, 23. "The 
soul that sinneth it shall die." Eze. xviii, 4. When 
Christ came to fulfill the law, he came to do this, 
not for himself, but in behalf of our race. He came 
to fulfill the law as the Messiah: an office or character 
which no other being ever possessed. He came 
to undertake for fallen men, and in a certain sense 
placed himself in their situation. What then was 
the relation which our race sustained to the law of 
God? We answer: all have sinned, and come short of 
the glory of God. The law of God stopped every 
mouth, and showed all men sinners in the sight of 
God. Rom. iii. 

Then, when the Saviour took upon himself our 
nature, and came to fulfill the law of his Father, that l
aw not only demanded perfect obedience, but it also 
justly demanded the death of our race; for all were 
its transgressors. The work of the Saviour, therefore, 
in fulfilling the law of his Father, was of a two-fold 
character. He must first render perfect obedience 
to all its precepts, and then offer up his own life 
as a ransom for guilty man. To fulfill the law 
as the Messiah, Christ must perform all this. Did 
he thus do? He kept, his Father's commandments. 
John xv, 10. In him there was no transgression of 
the law. 1 John: iii, 4, 5. He was the Lamb of God 
without spot, [1 Pet. i, 19.] in whom the Father was 
well pleased. Matt. iii, 17. And this was not all; 
he took upon himself the sin of the world. Isa. liii, 
6; John i, 29. He bore our sin in his own body upon 
the tree. 1 Pet. ii, 24. He died the just for the 
unjust, giving his own life a ransom for many. 1 
Pet. iii, 18; Matt. xx, 28. God can now be just 
and yet justify him that believeth in Jesus. Rom. 
iii, 25, 26. Thus Christ lived our example and 
died our sacrifice. 

Did this work of the Messiah, in rendering perfect 
obedience to all the law of God, and then offering 
up himself as a ransom for its transgressors, 
weaken that law, or lessen our obligation to obey it?
Never. It shows in the most striking light, its perpetuity 
and immutability. The law of God condemned 
our race. Jehovah would open the way for 
man's salvation. He could not destroy his own moral 
law; but he could give his own beloved and only 
Son to die for its transgressors. This evinces the 
estimate which the Father placed upon his own law. 
Isaiah predicted that Christ should magnify the law, 
and make it honorable. lsa. xlii, 21. The record 
of Christ's life and death shows the fulfillment of 
this prediction. 

But Christ adds a solemn affirmation. "For verily, 
I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one 
jot, or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, 
till all be fulfilled. What is a jot and a tittle? A 
jot is the smallest letter of the Hebrew alphabet. A 
tittle is a small point by which some of those letters 
are distinguished from others. Our Lord therefore 