The Signs of the Times.
"Behold, I come quickly, and my reward is with me, to give every man according a his work shall be." Rev. XXII: 12 
Volume 1  OAKLAND, CAL. FIFTH-DAY, AUGUST 13, 1874    NUMBER 6

The Signs of the Times 
IS ISSUED WEEKLY AT 
OAKLAND,    CALIFORNIA. 

Elder James White, Editor and Proprietor. 

TERMS : TWO DOLLARS a year to those 
who choose to pay a subscription price, and FREE to all 
others as far as the paper is sustained by the donations 
of the liberal friends of the cause. 

Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, Cal.

Temptation of Christ. 

WHEN Jesus in his work of love 
Dwelt on the shores of time, 
How did the wisdom from above 
Through all his actions shine. 

The tempter, skilled in every art, 
To turn from virtue's ways, 
Found in the Saviour's guiltless heart, 
Naught but his Maker's praise. 

"If thou art now the Son of God, 
Send forth thy firm command; 
And let these stones to bread be turned, 
By thine all powerful hand." 

Jesus to answer this request, 
Quotes the inspired pages, 
"Man shall not live by bread alone; 
God's word is life through ages." 

Ascending to a mountain's top, 
All nations in their view, 
"Now worship me," the tempter said, 
"All these I give to you." 

"Get thee hence!" He quick replied, 
"I'll not from duty swerve : 
Worship thou the Lord thy God,-
Him only shalt thou serve." 

Mark the sweet reward of Heaven, 
When Satan took his flight; 
Angels to minister were given, 
With consolation bright.

EXAMINATION Of Seven Reasons for Sunday-Keeping. 
BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. 

"All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is 
profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for 
instruction in righteousness; that the man of God may 
be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.' 
2 Tim. 3 : 16, 17. 

IN this text we are assured that every word 
of the sacred Scriptures was given by the Holy 
Spirit ; that every doctrine which men should 
believe, is therein revealed ; that every fault 
is therein reproved ; that every error is corrected 
by its words of truth ; and that perfect 
instruction in all righteousness is therein 
given. 

The design of its Author in providing such 
a book was, that the man of God might thereby 
be made perfect, thoroughly furnished 
unto all good works. This is the treasure 
which God has given to his church. Nor is 
this all that he has done. To those who are 
willing to obey the teachings of his word, he 
has promised the Spirit, to guide them into 
all truth. 

To men thus situated, Jehovah thus speaks: 
"Prove all things ; hold fast that which is 
good." 1 Thess. 5 : 21. That is, bring every 
part of your faith and practice to the test of 
God's sure word; ask the Holy Spirit's aid, 
that your mind may be delivered from prejudice, 
and your understanding enlightened in 
the word of truth. Then, what you find revealed 
in that word, hold fast; it is of priceless 
value ; but relinquish at once every precept 
or doctrine not therein recorded, lest you 
make the doctrines of men of equal weight 
with the commandments of God. What is 
the chaff to the wheat? saith the Lord. 

As the first day of the week is now almost 
universally observed in the place of the Sabbath 
of the fourth commandment, we design 
in this article to examine the grounds on which 
this observance rests. Those who are willing 
to submit their opinions to the test of Scripture 
and of reason, are invited to unite with 
us in the examination of this subject. For 
what reason do men prefer the first day of the 
week to the ancient Sabbath of the Lord ? 
On what authority do men continually violate 
the day which God sanctified, and commanded 
mankind to keep holy! Come, now, 

and let us reason together. Here is the commandment 
which it is said has been changed:

"Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it 
holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all 
thy work ; but the seventh day is the Sabbath 
of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt 
not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy 
daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maidservant,
nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that 
is within thy gates ; for in six days the Lord 
made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that 
in them is, and rested the seventh day ; wherefore 
the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and  
hallowed it." Ex. 20 : 8-11. 

That this Commandment requires men to 
remember and to keep holy the rest-day of 
the Creator, which he hallowed at the close 
of the first week of time, none can deny. We 
now ask for the authority for the change of 
this commandment. 

Papists believe that their church had power 
to change the fourth commandment ; and  
on that authority alone, they are perfectly 
satisfied in observing the first day of the 
week. 

Protestants deny the authority of the church 
of Rome, and attempt to vindicate the change 
of the Sabbath by an appeal to the Bible. 
This is what we wish them to do. We ask 
them, therefore, to present a single text in 
which it is said that God has changed his 
Sabbath to the first day of the week. The 
advocates of the change have none to offer. If 
they cannot present such a text, will they 
give us one which testifies that God ever 
blessed and sanctified the first day of the 
week ? Its observers admit that they have 
none to present. But will they not give us 
one text in which men are required to keep 
the first day holy, as a Sabbath unto the 
Lord? They acknowledge that they have 
none. How, then, do they dare to exalt the 
first day of the week above the Sabbath of 
the Lord, which the commandment requires 
us to remember, and keep holy ? 

The Bible thoroughly furnishes the man of 
God unto all good works. Can Sunday-keeping 
be a very good work when the Bible has 
never said anything in its favor ? Or, if it 
is a good work, can men be very thoroughly 
furnished in its defense, when God has said 
nothing in its favor ? Instead of being a
good work, must it not be a fearful sin  
against God to thus pervert the fourth commandment, 
when once the mind has been enlightened 
on the subject ? 

But there are several reasons urged for the 
observance of the first day of the week, which 
we will here notice.

FIRST REASON. Redemption is greater than 
creation ; therefore we ought to keep the day 
of Christ's resurrection, instead of the ancient 
Sabbath of the Lord. 

Where has God said this ? Sunday-keepers 
are compelled to admit that he never did say 
it. What right, then, has any man to make 
such an assertion, and then to base the change 
of the Sabbath upon it ? But suppose that 
redemption is greater than creation, who 
knows that we ought to keep the first day of 
the week on that account ? God never required 
men to keep any day as a memorial of 
redemption. But if it were a duty to observe 
one day of the week for this reason, 
most certainly the crucifixion day presents 
the strongest claims. It is not said that we 
have redemption through Christ's resurrection; 
but it is said that we have redemption  
through the shedding of his blood. "And 
they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy 
to take the book, an to open the seals thereof; 
for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed 
us to God by thy blood, out of every kindred, 
and tongue, and people, and nation." Rev. 
5 : 9. "In whom we have redemption
through his blood, the forgiveness of sins,  
according to the riches of his grace." Eph. 
1 : 7 ; Col. 1 : 14 ; Heb. 9 : 12, 15. 

Then redemption is through the death of 
the Lord Jesus ; consequently the day on 
which he shed his precious blood to redeem 
us, and said, " It is finished," John 19 : 30, 
is the day that should be kept as a memorial 
of redemption, if any should be observed for 
that purpose.

Nor can it be plead that the resurrection 
day is the most remarkable day in the history 

of redemption. It needs but a word to 
prove that, in this respect, it is far exceeded
by the day of the crucifixion. Which is the
more remarkable event, the act of Jehovah 
in giving his beloved and only Son to die for 
a race of rebels, or the act of that Father in 
raising that beloved Son from the dead ? 
There is only one answer that can be given : 
It was not remarkable that God should raise 
his Son from the dead ; but the act of the 
Father in giving his Son to die for sinners 
was a spectacle of redeeming love on which 
the universe might gaze, and adore the wondrous 
love of God to all eternity. Who can 
wonder that the sun was vailed in darkness, 
and that all nature trembled at the sight ! 
The crucifixion day, therefore, has far greater 
claims than the day of the resurrection. God 
has not enjoined the observance of either; 
and is it not a fearful act to make void the 
commandments of God by that wisdom which 
is folly in his sight ? 1 Cor. 1 : 19, 20. 

But if we would commemorate redemption, 
there is no necessity of robbing the Lord's 
rest-day of its holiness in order to do it. 
When truth takes from us our errors, it always 
has something better to take their  
place. So the false memorial of redemption 
being taken out of the way, the word presents 
in its stead those which are true. God 
has provided us with memorials, bearing his 
own signature ; and these we may observe 
with the blessing of Heaven. Would you 
commemorate the death of our Lord ? You 
need not keep the day of his crucifixion. The 
Bible tells you how to do it. 

"For I have received of the Lord that 
which also I delivered unto you, that the 
Lord Jesus the same night in which he was 
betrayed took bread ; and when he had given 
thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat; this 
is my body; which is broken for you ; this do 
in remembrance of me. After the same manner 
also he took the cup, when he had supped, 
saying, This cup is the New Testament  
in my blood : This do ye, as oft as ye drink 
it, in remembrance of me. For as often as 
ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do 
show the Lord's death till he come." 1 Cor. 
11 : 23-26.

Would you commemorate the burial and 
resurrection of the Saviour ? You need not 
keep the first day of the week. The Lord 
ordained a very different and far more appropriate 
memorial. " Know ye not that so 
many of us as were baptized into Jesus 
Christ were baptized into his death ? Therefore 
we are buried with him by baptism into 
death ; that like as Christ was raised up 
from the dead by the glory of the Father, 
even so we also should walk in newness of 
life. For if we have been planted together 
in the likeness of his death, we shall be also 
in the likeness of his resurrection." Rom. 
6 : 3-5. "Buried with him in baptism, 
wherein also ye are risen with him through 
the faith of the operation of God, who hath 
raised him from the dead." Col. 2 : 12. 

It is true that the professed church have 
changed this ordinance to sprinkling, so that 
this divine memorial of the Lord's resurrection 
is destroyed. And that they may add  
sin to sin, they lay hold of the Lord's Sabbath 
and change it to the first day of the  
week, thus destroying the sacred memorial of 
the Creator's rest, that they may have a memorial 
of Christ's resurrection ! "The earth  
also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof;
because they have transgressed the laws,  
changed the ordinance, broken the everlasting 
covenant." When will the professed church 
cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord ? 
Not until the " inhabitants of the earth are 
burned, and few men left." Isa. 24 : 5, 6. 

SECOND REASON. The disciples met on the 
day of our Lord's resurrection to commemorate 
that event, and the Saviour sanctioned  
this meeting by uniting with them: John 
20 : 19. 

If every word of this were truth, it would 
not prove that the Sabbath of the Lord has 
been changed. But to show the utter absurdity 
of this inference, listen to a few facts. 
The disciples did not then believe that their 
Lord had been raised from the dead, but were 
assembled for the purpose of eating a common 
meal, and to seclude themselves from  
the Jews. The words of Mark and of John 

make this clear : " He appeared in another 
form unto two of them, as they walked, 
and went into the country. And they went 
and told it unto the residue ; neither believed 
they them. Afterward he appeared unto the 
eleven as they sat at Meat, and upbraided them 
with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because 
they believed not them which had seen 
him after he was risen." Mark 16 : 12-14.  
John says : " Then the same day at evening, 
being the first day of the week, when the 
doors were shut where the disciples were assembled 
for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and 
stood in the midst, and saith unto them, 
Peace be unto you." John 20 : 19. 
It is a fact, therefore, that the disciples 
were not commemorating the resurrection of 
the Saviour ; it is equally evident that they 
had not the slightest idea of a change of the 
Sabbath. At the burial of the Saviour, the 
women who had followed him to the tomb, 
returned and prepared spices and ointments 
to embalm him; the Sabbath drew on; they 
rested the Sabbath day, according to the commandment; 
and when the Sabbath was past,  
they came to the sepulcher upon the first day
of the week to embalm their Lord. Luke  
23 : 55, 56 ; 24 : 1. They kept the Sabbath, 
according to the commandment, and resumed 
their labor on the first day of the week. 
THIRD REASON. After eight days, Jesus 
met with his disciples again. John 20 : 26. 
This must have been the first day of the week, 
which is thereby proved to be the Christian 
Sabbath. 

Were it certain that this occurred on the 
first day of the week, it would not furnish a 
single particle of proof that that day had become 
the Sabbath of the Lord. But who can be 
certain that " after eight days" means just a 
week? It would be nearer a literal construction 
of the language to conclude that this 
was upon the ninth day. As an illustration, 
read Matt. 17 : 1 : "And after six 
days, Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John," 
&c. Now turn to Luke 9 : 28 : "And it 
came to pass about an eight days after these 
sayings, he took Peter, and John, and James," 
&c. Then, "after six days" is about eight 
days in this instance. But if "after eight 
days "means just a week, how does this prove 
that Sunday has taken the place of the Lord's 
Sabbath! Rather, how does it prove that 
Sunday has become the Christian Sabbath, 
when there is not a particle of evidence that 
either Christ or his apostles ever rested on 
that day ? There is no such term as Christian 
Sabbath found in the Bible. The only weekly 
Sabbath named in the Bible is called the 
Sabbath of the Lord. 

Was the act of Christ in appearing to his 
disciples sufficient to constitute the day on 
which it occurred the Sabbath ? If so, why 
did he next select a fishing day as the time 
to manifest himself to them 1 John 21. If 
it is not sufficient, then the Sunday on which 
he was first seen of them, the fishing day on 
which they next saw him, and the Thursday 
on which he was last seen of them, may not 
be Sabbaths. It was not very remarkable 
that Christ should find his disciples together, 
inasmuch as they had one common abode.
Acts 1 : 13. 

FOURTH REASON. The Holy Spirit descended 
upon the disciples on the day of Pentecost,
which was the first day of the week. Therefore,
the first day of the week should be observed 
instead of the Sabbath of the Lord. 
Acts 2 : 1, 2.

Admitting that the day ' of Pentecost occurred 
upon the first day of the week, it remains 
to be proved that it thereby became 
the Sabbath. But that it was the feast of Pentecost, 
and not the first day of the week, that 
God designed to honor, the following facts 
demonstrate :-

1. While the day of Pentecost is distinctly 
named, the day of the week on which it 
occurred is passed in silence. 

2. The disciples had been engaged in earnest 
prayer for the space of ten days ; for the 
day of Pentecost was fifty days from the resurrection 
of Christ, and forty of those days 
he spent with his disciples. Acts 1. Forty 
days from his resurrection would expire on 
Thursday, the day of his ascension. A period 
of ten days after his ascension on Thursday 
would include two first-days, the last of which 
