# 10    THE HEALTH REFORMER. 

fruits of the trees and the seeds of the 
plants as his proper and only food. It 
was no part of his sustenance or pleasure 
that he should eat the flesh of those creatures
that God had subjected to his authority. 
Yet this was the only period in 
the historv of our race when man could 
use such food and have it absolutely free 
from disease. But God made man to eat 
fruits and not flesh; and to supply his 
wants caused that out of the ground 
should grow every tree that was pleasant 
to the sight and good for food. Would 
that man had never lost Paradise. 

After man's expulsion from the garden 
of Eden, the original law relative to what 
he should eat remained in force until the 
close of the flood, a period of nearly 1700 
years. What was the condition of man 
during this long period of nearly one-third 
of our world's entire history? Were not 
mankind a feeble race, diminutive in stature, 
sickly and short-lived? And when 
God for wise reasons, after the flood, suffered 
man to eat the flesh of animals as 
his food, did not a great improvement in 
the physical character, and in the longevity
of the race occur? Every attentive 
reader of the book of Genesis can answer 
these questions without difficulty. During
the entire period before the flood, 
when man was by law restricted to the 
use of vegetable food, the life of each individual
reached almost to a thousand 
years! And to use the expressive language
of Moses, "There were giants in 
the earth in those days." And as the 
record shows us, immediately after the 
use of animal food was permitted, the 
lives of men began to be abridged with 
fearful rapidity. Men had abused their 
longevity, and hardened themselves in 
sin ; and for This very reason it may be, 
that God saw it best th at man's life should 
be shortened to a hand breadth. 

When God took the Israelites in hand 
to lead them to the land of promise, he 
designed to feed them himself, while in 
the wilderness, and to do it with such 
food as should best meet all their wants. 
This was the manna, food prepared for 
them by the angels of God. But this did 
not satisfy their depraved appetites. They 
murmured for animal food, and God in 
his displeasure sent it. Had they harkened
to him he would have subdued their 
enemies under them and fed them with 
the finest of the wheat, that is, wheat of 
the best qualitv, and honey out of the 
flinty rock. The Hebrews would have
animal food, and as the next best thing 
that could be done, God gave them rules 
to distinguish between clean and unclean 
animals, marking such distinctions as have 
ever existed among the brute creation. 

God would have had Israel act in a 
very different manner, but he allowed 
them their choice. And when we come 
to the New Testament we do not find that 
the permission to eat animal food is 
withrawn, or that its use should be forbidden. 
Yet there are many general directions
and exhortations that have an 
important bearing upon this matter. 

When Paul says (I Cor. x, 31), "Whether
therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever 
ye do, do all to the glory of God," 
he certainly imposes on us a strong obligation 
to use such food as shall best promote 
health, clearness of mind and freedom
from disease. 

When he says, (I Cor. vi, 12, 13,) speaking
of food, "All things are lawful unto 
me, but all things are not expedient," etc., 
he certainly means to teach that there 
are kinds of food not unlawful, that is, not 
forbidden, which it is for our best good 
to let alone. 

Nay, the apostle citing the very acts of 
Israel in lusting after animal food in the 
wilderness, and bringing upon themselves 
the displeasure of God by so doing, says, 
"Now these things were our examples, to 
the intent we should not lust after evil 
things as they also lusted." 1 Cor. x, 5, 
6. A few thoughts relative to the expediency 
and wisdom of abstaining from 
flesh as food: 

1. God made man to eat grains and 
fruits. Such was the original design, and 
such will be the final lot of the redeemed. 

2. The antediluvian period in which 
mankind were regtricted to vegetable food 
was marked by the most wonderful longevity, 
and the most extraordinary development 
of his physical being. 

3. Human life was shortened immediately, 
and with fearful rapidity upon the 
introduction of animal food.

4. God did not design this for Israel, 
and was grieved that they would have it. 

5. Animals are subject to disease as 
well as men, and it is not easy to detect 
this in the flesh when it is prepared for 
the market. It is not unfrequent, as we 
have good reason to believe, that fatal 
disease is originated by taking the flesh 
of diseased animals. 

6. It is well known that no sooner do 
animals exhibit distinct marks of disease, 