# DUTY TO KNOW OURSELVES. 3

preserve it in a healthy condition. The
present generation have trusted their bodies
with the doctors, and their souls with 
the ministers. Do they not pay the ministers
well for studying the Bible for them, 
that they need not be to the trouble? and 
is it not his business to tell them what 
they must believe, and to settle all doubtful
questions of theology without special
investigation on their part? If they are 
sick, they send for the doctor - believe
whatever he may tell, and swallow anything
he may prescribe; for do they not
pay him a liberal fee, and is it not his
business to understand their physical ailments,
and what to prescribe to make
them well, without their being troubled
with the matter?

Children are sent to school to be taught
the sciences; but the science of human life
is wholly neglected. That which is of the
most vital importance, a true knowledge
of themselves, without which all other
science can be of but little advantage, is
not brought to their notice. A cruel
and wicked ignorance is tolerated in
regard to this important question. So
closely is health related to our happiness,
that we cannot have the latter without
the former. A practical knowledge of 
the science of human life, is necessary in 
order to glorify God in our bodies. It is
therefore of the highest importance, that 
among the studies selected for childhood,
Physiology should occupy the first place.
How few know anything about the structure 
and functions of their own bodies, 
and of Nature's laws. Many are drifting
about without knowledge, like a ship
at sea without a compass or anchor; and
what is more, they are not interested to
learn how to keep their bodies in a healthy
condition, and prevent disease.

The indulgence of animal appetites has
degraded and enslaved many. Self-denial,
and a restraint upon the animal appetites,
is necessary to elevate and establish
an imporved condition of health and morals,
and purify corrupted society. Every 
violation of principle in eathing and drinking,
blunts the perceptive faculties, making
it impossible for them to appreciate
or place the right value upon eternal 
things. It is of the greatest importance 
that mankind should not be ignorant in 
regard to the consequences of excess.
Temperance in all things is necessary to 
health, and the development and growth
of a good Christian character.

Those who trangress the laws of God
in their physical organism, will not be 
less slow to violate the law of God
spoken from Sinai. Those who will not,
after the light has come to them, eat and
drink from principle, instead of being 
controlled by appetite, will not be tenacious
in regard to being governed by 
principle in other things. The agitation
of the subject of reform in eating and 
drinking, will develop character, and will 
unerringly bring to light those who make
a "god of their bellies."

Parents should arouse, and in the fear
of God inquire, what is truth? A tremendous
responsibility rests upon them.
They should be practical physiologists,
that they may know what are and what 
are not, correct physical habits, and be 
enabled thereby to instruct their children. 
The great mass are as ignorant and indifferent 
in regard to the physical and moral
education of their children as the animal 
creation. And yet they dare assume 
the responsibilities of parents. Every
mother should acquaint  herself with the 
laws that govern phyical life. She 
should teach her children that the indulgence
of animal appetite, produces a 
morbid action in the system, and weakens 
their moral sensibilities. Parents should 
seek for light and truth, as for hid treasures.
To parents is committeed the sacred 
charge of forming the characters of 
their children in childhood. They should 
be to their children, both teacher and 
physician. They should understand nature's
wants and nature's laws. A careful 
conformity to the laws God has implanted 
in our being, will insure health, 
and there will not be a breaking down 
of the constitution, which will tempt the 
afflicted to call for a physician to patch 
them up again.

Many seem to thik they have a right 
to treat their own bodies as they please; 
but they forget that their bodies are not 
their own. Their Creator who formed 
them, has claims upon them that they 
cannot rightly throw off. Every needless 
transgression of the laws which God 
has established in our being, is virtually 
a violation of the law of God, and is as 
great a sin in the sight of Heaven as to 
break the ten commandments. Ignorance 
upon this important subject, is sin; 
the light is now beaming upon us, and
we are without excuse if we do not 
cherish the light, and become intelligent
in regard to these things, which it is our 
highest earthly interest to understand.
