# 2     THE REVIEW AND HERALD. 

solemnly affirms that the minutest point shall not 
pass from the law till all be fulfilled. Then it is 
certain that a part will not be destroyed and the remainder 
of the law be left in force. Consequently 
as long as a part of the original precepts continue, 
all of them abide without one jot or tittle being 
destroyed. Further than this, Christ has plainly 
marked the point of time before which no part 
of the law of God shall pass. "Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass 
from the law, till all be fulfilled." Has heaven and 
earth passed away? Let those answer who teach 
the abolition of the law of God. When will heaven 
and earth pass? Let the beloved disciple answer: 
"And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat 
on it, from whose face the earth and heaven fled 
away; and there was found no place for them." If 
the fulfillment of the law of God destroys it, that 
destruction cannot take place before the final conflagration 
of the heavens and the earth. 2. Pet. iii. 
Prior to that time the minutest point shall not be 
destroyed. If therefore one jot or one tittle shall on 
no account pass from the law, till all be fulfilled; and 
if the point before which this shall not be accomplished 
is the passing of the heavens and the earth, 
it follows that the Lord Jesus not only designed 
that the law should be fulfilled by himself for the 
brief period of his sojourn on earth, but also, that 
the righteousness of the law should be fulfilled in his 
church; or as Whiting renders Rom. viii, 4, " that 
the precept of the law might be fulfilled by us, who 
walk not according to the flesh, but according to 
the Spirit." The next verse establishes this view. 

"Whosoever therefore shall break one of these 
least commandments, and shall teach men so, 
he shall be called the least in the kingdom of 
heaven: but whosoever shall do, and teach them, the 
same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." 
Let us carefully consider this verse. The 
word "whosoever" takes up all persons through all 
coming time. The word " therefore" shows that 
this verse is the conclusion drawn from the premises 
which the Saviour had just laid down, which were 
these: 1. "Think not that I am come to destroy 
the law." 2. "Till heaven and earth pass, one jot 
or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law till 
all be fulfilled." As not a single particle of this holy 
law was to be destroyed, it was fitting that the 
Lord Jesus should speak with distinctness respecting-
its observance and its violation. This is what he 
now utters. 

"Shall break one of these least commandments." 
Then we have here the opposite of fulfilling the law; viz., 
the breaking of the commandments. We may also 
learn that the law in verses 17,18, means the commandments. 

"One of these least." Christ had said that not 
one jot or one tittle should pass from the law till all 
be fulfilled, so that there could be no excuse for 
those who teach that a part of the law has been destroyed, 
and that the remainder is yet in force. But 
Christ did not leave the subject thus. He now tells 
what shall be the fate of those who violate the least 
of the commandments. Those who select nine of 
them, and omit one of the commandments, which 
they think not worth their notice, are the very persons 
that Christ here reproves. 

"And shall teach men so." Who are they that 
teach men to violate the commandments? Those 
who teach men that they have all been abolished go 
far beyond the crime that Christ has here noted. 
The Saviour spoke of those who should violate the 
least one. Some at the present day teach men that 
all of them are abolished. This is the grand and 
effectual method to teach men to violate the law of 
God. But those who make any one of the commandments 
void, that they may keep in its place a 
tradition of the elders, are doing exactly the work 
that our Lord has here solemnly warned men against. 

"He shall be called the least in the kingdom of 
heaven;" or, as Campbell renders, "shall be of no 
esteem in the reign of heaven." This is, doubtless, 
the idea of the Saviour. This is the penalty of a 
violation of the least precept of the law of God. But 
how much more fearful must it be to break the commandments 
and to teach men that they have all been 
abolished! 

"But whosoever shall do and teach them." Here 
we may learn what it is to fulfill the law of God. 
It is to do and to teach the commandments. "The 
same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." 
Or, as rendered by Campbell, " shall be highly 
esteemed in the reign of heaven." Here is the 
ample commission; here is the vast reward of those 
who teach and keep the commandments of God. 
Surely, no man ever enjoined obedience to the law 
of God with such force as did our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Let us hear his words again - 

"But he answered and said unto them, Why do 
ye also transgress the commandment of God by your 
tradition? For God commanded saying, Honor thy 
father and mother; and, He that curseth father 
or mother, let him die the death. But ye say, Whosoever 
Shall say to his father or his mother, It is a 
gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by 
me; and honor not his father or his mother, he shall 
be free. Thus have ye made the commandment 
of God of none effect by your tradition." Matt. xv, 
3-6. 

These words disclose to us the sacredness of God's 
commandments in the mind of the Lord Jesus. He 
did not deny that he violated the traditions of the 
Jews, but he boldly arraigned their traditions, and 
condemned them as worthless in the sight of God. 
And not only as worthless, but also as sinful, inasmuch 
as they contradict and make void the commandments 
of God. The tradition in question was 
very venerable with the Jews, inasmuch as they supposed 
that it had been handed down from Moses; 
thus being equally ancient and sacred in their estimation 
with the commandment which it so effectually 
made void. On such authority the Jews thought 
themselves fully justified in an open violation of the 
fifth commandment. Nay, they even supposed that 
the observance of this tradition was more acceptable 
to God than the observance of the commandment 
itself. 

At the present time we have a case precisely 
parallel. The professed church of this day hold a 
tradition which they say came from Christ and his 
apostles. On the authority of this tradition they 
suppose that they are amply justified in violating 
the fourth commandment. Like the Jews they even 
think that they are serving God more acceptably by 
keeping a tradition that contradicts his commandment, 
than they would be in keeping the commandment 
itself. The rebuke which Christ applied to 
the Jews, falls with all its force upon the heads of 
such: "Thus have ye made the commandment of 
God of none effect by your tradition. Ye hypocrites, 
well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying, This people 
draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and 
honoreth me with their lips; but their heart is far 
from me. But in vain they do worship me, teaching 
for doctrines the commandments of men." Verses 
6-9. 

"And behold, one came and said unto him, Good 
Master, what good thing shall I do that I may have 
eternal life ? And he said unto him, Why callest 
thou me good ? there is none good but one, that is 
God; but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments. 
He saith unto him, Which? Jesus 
said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit 
adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not 
bear false witness, Honor thy father and thy mother: 
and, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." 
Matt. xix, 16-19. 

Let us carefully consider these words of our Lord. 
The young man came to him with the most important 
question that he could ask. The Saviour returned 
to him the most simple, direct and appropriate 
answer. Jesus said to him, " If thou wilt enter 
into life, keep the commandments." The young 
man, who, it is evident from the narrative, thought 
himself already observing them all, asked Jesus, 
Which? In answer, Jesus quotes from the second 
table, five of the ten commandments; and to this 
list he adds the second of the two great commandments 
on which hang all the rest. It is often said 
by our opponents that if we would name only those 
precepts which our Lord enjoined upon the young 
man, they would be happy to agree with us; that 
Christ did not name the fourth commandment, 
which is not therefore obligatory upon us. We reply 
that the fourth commandment is no more omitted 
than is the first, the second, the third, and the 
tenth, and also the first of the two great commandments 
on which hang all the rest! Does any one 
believe that the young man might violate all these 
and yet enter life eternal? 

There can be but one of two positions taken with 
respect to this text: 1. When the Saviour said, "If 
thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments," 
he named all the commandments which the young 
man should keep; or 2. When the Saviour said, 
"keep the commandments," he enjoined obedience 
to them all, and then in answer to the young man's 
inquiry, pointed him to the precepts of the second 
table, namely, his duty to his fellow-men, as 
that in which he was most deficient. 

If the first position be correct, it follows that the 
young man could enter into life in the character of 
an idolater, a blasphemer, a Sabbath-breaker, and 
with an heart full of covetousness; for our Lord 
omitted to specify any of those precepts which define 
our duty to God, and he also omitted the tenth 
commandment: "Thou shalt not covet" This position 
needs no refutation, and we turn from it to 
the other. 

That the second position is correct, namely, that 
Christ enjoined obedience to all the commandments, 
and then in answer to the young man's request, pointed 
him to the second table, and to the second of the 
two great commandments-his duty to his fellow-
men-the following facts plainly evince:- 

1. This is exactly what is recorded in the text. 2. 
The view that Christ specified all the precepts which 
the young man should observe has been shown to be 
false and unreasonable. 3. When the young man 
insisted that he was blameless in regard to his duty 
to his fellow men, our Lord applied a test to him 
which undeceived him at once. 4. When Christ 
said, "If thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments," 
he spoke in harmony with his own 
words in Matt. v, 17-19. There he had declared 
that not even the minutest particle should pass from 
the commandments till the heavens and the earth 
should flee away, and that whosoever should violate 
one of the least of them, should be of no esteem in 
the reign of heaven. Then, our Lord being allowed 
to explain his own words, it follows that to keep the 
commandments, is to observe every one of them; 
and that the willful violator of the least one, shall 
have no part in the kingdom of God. And the 
apostle James, as we shall hereafter see, establishes 
in the clearest manner the fact that whoever understandingly 
violates one of the ten commandments 
is guilty of breaking them all. What will those say 
to this who affirm that the young man could keep 
the commandments, and yet violate every one that 
defines our duty to God the great Law-giver? 

"Then one of them which was a lawyer, asked 
him a question, tempting him, and saying, Master, 
which is the great commandment in the law ? Jesus 
said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy 
God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and 
with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. 
And the second is like unto it: Thou 
shalt love thy neighbor as thyself: On these two 
commandments hang all the law and the prophets." 
Matt. xxii, 35-40. 

Many mistake the question here proposed to Jesus, 
and read this text as though the lawyer had 
said, Master what is the great commandment which 
you will give to take the place of the ten commandments? 
The question was not asked on that wise; 
and those who present this scripture as evidence that 
Christ gave a new code to take the place of his Father's 
law, labor under a serious mistake. The question 
related to the original law of God; what is the 
great commandment in that? 

Christ answered this question by pointing out the 
two great immutable first principles on which hang 
all the law and the prophets: "Thou shalt love the 
Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy 
soul, and with all thy mind." This is the sum of 
our duty to God: on this hang all those precepts 
which define our duty to him. "Thou shalt love 
thy neighbor as thyself." On this precept hang all 
those commandments which contain our duty to 
our fellow men. This is the sum of them, and out 
of this they all grow. 

The Saviour did not abolish the law of his Father 
by these two precepts; for they were as ancient as 