John Morrison, $100 John Judson, 100 J N Loughborough, pd, 100 James White, pd, 100 N S Raymond, 100 E H Root, pd, 100 Brother LŠe, pd, 100 Benj. N Berry, pd, 100 R M Pierce, pd, 100 Mrs E G White, $100 T M Chapman, 100 George Drew, pd, 100 Jochim Pulse, 100 R Stickney, pd $40, 100 A C Woodbury, pd, $25, 100 P W Baker, pd, 100 L McCoy, pd, 100 J S Hart, pd, $50, 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 R A Hart, pd, $50, 100 Mary Hare, 100 Wm Harper, pd, 100 W. 0. Dungan, 100 Ivory Colcord, 100 P. S. Marshall, pd, J Shiverly, pd, $20, W E Newcomb, Noah Hodges, Thos Bickle, pd, Amy Dartt, pd, John H. Bennett, 48. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. Vol. 1, No. -6. Zile  cfigno of the Zintro OAKLAND, AL., FIFTH-DAY, AUG. 13, 1874. THIS WEEK'S PAPER. THE Editor of the SIGNS started for the East July 29th, where he expects, to remain until af-ter the Eastern Camp Meetings. The paper, therefore, goes to press without his supervision. We hope that any inadvertancies that may occur in consequence will be kindly overlooked. This week's paper is full of matter of lively interest to all. To the friends throughout the whole field " Examination of Seven Reasons for Sunday keeping," by Eld. J. N. Andrews ; "Ministration of Angels," and "Hear Ye Him," by Eld. D. M. Canright ; " A Dish of Fables," by Eld. M. E. Cornell ; " The Saints' Inheri-tance," by Eld. J. N. Loughborough ; " The Present Truth," and "The End," by the Editor ; and " The Temptation of Christ," by Mrs. E. G. White, are of the greatest importance and interest. Many of the fundamental principles held by Seventh-day Adventists are now being discussed in the SIGNS, and each article is as good as a sermon. To the friends on the Pacific coast we would especially call attention to " Appeal to the Cal-ifornia Brethren," and the articles on Camp Meeting, the Appointments, &c. The reports,  from Vallejo, San Jose, and San-ta Clara, will be cheering to all who have an interest in the spread of Present Truth. Still later from Vallejo, Eld. Loughborough reports ten Sabbath keepers, and more coming in. We have received no definite report from the North Pacific Mission, but the lists of names for the SIGNS received since last issue shows that Eld. Van Horn is still at work. The list of $100 men is swelling with each number. We expect large reinforcements be-fore next issue. Words from. Friends. THE following words of cheer have been re-ceived from our friends :Š Eld. James White : Your valuable paper, THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, was received, and I am very much pleased with it. That you may have success in your mission on this coast, is the prayer of L. A. BAILEY Carson, Nevada. 132-other White : I received the SIGNS OF THE TIMES, and it was a welcome visitor, and I think that every lover of present truth ought to take it and read it. GEORGE FOREMAN. Northville, Ill. Dear Bro. White : I have received the first and second numbers Jf the SIGNS OF THE TIMES, and like them very much. I have lent them until they are about worn out. I send you $2.00 for one year's subscription. I am over four score years old, and am still looking for that " blessed hope:" GEORGE COBB. Brunswick, Maine. This is the way to use the paper, friends. We immediately mailed to his address the first five numbers. If these are worn out in the good work, we have five more just like them which we will be glad to send. We have scores of letters just as encouraging, but space will not allow of their insertion. Send in Your Names. SEVERAL of our Eastern friends who sub-scribed means at the different camp meetings, to support the SIGNS, and the North Pacific Mis-sion, have written inquiring why the SIGNS has not been sent to them. To all such we would say that in nearly every instance, no re-quest was sent for the paper, and we would vio-late Postal Law by sending without. Those wishing the paper must request it, when we shall be happy to forward it to them. Dine Cross. A BLUE cross on this paragraph signifies that it is impossible for us to tell whether you have yourself consented to receive the paper, or whether some friend has had it sent to you with-out your sanction. Therefore we violate Postal Law if we send it to you without pre-paying postage. If you wish the SIGNS continued to your address drop us a postal card to that effect, otherwise it will be discontinued from this num-ber. Read article on Postal Law on page 36, number 5, of the SIGNS, and you will under-stand our situation. We hope no one will send in names for the SIGNS without distinctly stating in every in-stance that the parties have themselves consent-ed to receive the paper and pay the postage. If any disregard this it will only make extra trouble, as the letters will have to be returned. The California Camp Meeting. THE time of our Camp Meeting, October 1 12, is rapidly approaching, and as it approaches'we hope all our brethren and sisters in this State are deciding that they will come to the meeting without fail. The old saying, " Where there is a will there is a way," is a very true saying. Decide to come to the camp meeting, every one of you, and to stay to its close, and make all your plans bend to it, and you will come. While our ministers have been devoting their time to new fields you have had but little op-portunity to hear preaching. Now you can have a good opportunity, as upwards of thirty dis-courses will be given during the meeting on im-portant points of our faith, and on close, search-ing, practical subjects. Besides this there will be scores of good social and Prayer meetings, in which the older ones in the faith may speak words of cheer to those newly coming to the truth, and the warm zeal of those whohave lately come out will gladden you, who, while deprived of preaching, have contributed of your substance to push on the truth that these might obtain the ,light. Camp meetings, in which our people from all parts can assemble together, form acquaintance with, and speak words of cheer to, each other, are indispensible. Such meetings tend to form a strong bond of union, and give strength and permanence to our work. Wordly men, "wiser in their generation than the children of light," have their mass meet-ings, where, for a time, every other considera-tion is laid aside but the all absorbing topic of politics, or whatever it may be. Every effort is put forth by them to secure the attendance of any and every one whom they have reason to think might be roused to interest. Shall we not take note, and learn 133?' these things, and rally all our forces, and bring together all whom we hope to benefit by the meeting ? Anciently God's people were told, " Three times a year shall all your males appear before the Lord." They were not to appear " empty." They were to come with their "free will," and "thank offerings" to God's cause, to "rejoice before the Lord," and consecrate themselves anew to, him. If they could thus meet three times a year from all parts of Canaan, surely we, down here so near the close of time, can spend twelve days, dwelling in tents, rejoicing in God's goodness, consecrating ourselves with our thank offerings and vows to God, devising plans to extend the last saving truth, thus securing the salvation of our fellow men, and stars in our own crowns of rejoicing. As you come to the meeting bring along your friends, any whom you think may be benefited or led to the Lord and his truth. A number of such attended last year and embraced the truth. Let each brother and sister who reads this try to get one or more to the meeting. You know not what the result may be. We received a letter some ten days since from a brother, asking the privilege of putting up a board tent on the camp ground, as he wanted to bring some of his friends to the meeting who had been reading and were interested, and his last year's cloth tent was not large enough. Good ! We answered, "Cer-tainly, come along, and God bless you in looking out for others." Stretch your borders brethren, bring your friends to this our " yearly feast of tabernacles." We design to unite our two large tents for a meeting room 60x120 which will also furnish lodging room for hundreds of men who may bring their blankets, and the smaller tents can be given up, if necessary, to females. Call on your friends to come. They can bring blankets and bed ticks in their trunks as baggage. We will furnish those who cannot get tents a place to camp. Still, let all our people, who can possi-bly do so, bring tents, and add to our city. 'Provisions can be bought on the grounds cheap. Urge your friends to come. Responsibility, which you cannot lightly regard, rests upon you to use your talent of influence in bringing oth-ers to the truth. "Do with thy might what thy hands find to do." We expect new gifts from the East to aid us in our meeting, and the old hands will try to seek the Lord for his blessing that we may all act well and earnestly our part in the work. Come on friends, don't let trifles turn you away from the meeting. It is the most important one ever held upon the coast. Will you share its bene-fits Come ! Come ! ! In the name of the Lord we say, come to the Camp Meeting.. CAL. CONF. COMMITTEE. WE design to have a complete assortment of BoOks, Bibles, Charts, and The Way of Life at the Camp Meeting. J. w. Conference and State Missionary Meeting. As appointed elsewhere in this paper, our State Conference and State Missionary Society will hold their regular yearly business sessions for election of officers in connection with our camp meeting, October 1-12. There are steps to be taken by all our churches that they may be prepared to enter upon the business of those meetings without distraction. The churches, all who have gone so far as to organize Systematic Benevolence and appoint a leader, are entitled to representation in our Con-ference by delegates ; and according to our State Constitution they are entitled to delegates in the following ratio : One delegate for every church of twenty members, or less, and one ad-ditional delegate for every additional fifteen members over the first twenty. These delegates are to be elected by vote of the church where they reside. Elect your delegates soon and write to the State Conference Secretary, Wm. Saunders, Woodland, Cal., stating the number of delegates you have elected, and he will send you blanks to be filled out for certificates of election of delegates. He will also send you at the same time for each church a blank entitled Church Report, and Financial Report. These are to be filled out by the Church Clerk and S. B. Treas-urer, and sent by delegates to the Camp Meet-ing. The church books and papers, and S. B. books from each church should be brought to the Con-ference, as it may be necessary to make refer-ence to them. Each church should also furnish a report to the State Missionary Secretary, J. W. Bond, Healdsburg, Cal., of their missionary work for the last year up to October 1st, in or-der that he may prepare a report of the whole matter for the State Missionary meeting. Each Church Treasurer should make it a point to have his S. B. accounts all square up to the first of October, and pay the same to the State Conference Treasurer, T. M. Chapman, as soon as convenient after reaching the Camp Ground, that he may be enabled to make his reports. All the State Conference and Missionary of-ficers should bring their books, blanks, and vouches to the Conference. The churches of Napa, St. Helena, and Red Bluff, are so far organized that they can be ad-mitted into the Conference, and they should pass a written resolution to that effect, if they desire Łto unite, sending the same to the Con-ference by the hand of their delegates. Let us be prompt in all these things, not doing " the work of the Lord negligently." CAL. CONF. COMMITTEE. California Camp Meeting. THIS Camp Meeting will be held at Yount-ville, Napa Co., Cal., on the Napa and Calisto-ga R. R., on the same grounds as last year. The meeting is to commence October first, at 2 P. H., and continue to the morning of the twelfth of October. Yountville is the name of the R. R. station, and is midway between Napa and St. Helena, being nine miles from each. The ground on which the meeting is to be held is through the fields, one mile directly east of the R. R. station. There will be a sign erected at the entrance to the grounds, so that all may know where to turn in. It is desired that each church send their tents and straw ticks to the camp ground as early as Tuesday evening, September 29th, accompanied by two or more able bodied men to labor on the 30th in pitching tents, filling ticks, seating the grounds, &c. It is desired that the campers, as far as pos-sible, arrive on the grounds by the evening of September 30th, so that all may be in readiness to commence the meeting without confusion on October 1st, at 'the appointed hour. We will have teams meet the trains each way to convey passengers and baggage from the de-pot to the Camp Ground free of charge, from September 29th to the evening of October 2nd. After that we will furnish conveyance free for those who inform us, or their friends, that they are coming, and our free teams they will know only by our drivers calling their names, as hacks will be run after October 2nd by parties charg-ing for the conveyance of the crowd. A daily mail in connection with the arrival and departure of the United States mail at Yountville, will be established to and from the Camp Ground. All letters designed for those camping on the ground, to ensure insertion in our mail bag, should be marked, Yountville, Napa Co., Cal., Camp Ground. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH. Pres. Cal. State Conference. Quarterly Meetings. FOR the next six months we appoint for the Quarterly Meetings as follows :Š Santa Rosa, August 28, 29. Oakland, September 12, 13. Napa, September 19, 20. Saint Helena, October 17, 18. Bloomfield, Woodland, October 24, 25. October 24, 25. Jan Jose, November 14, 15. Healdsburg, November 21, 22. San Francisco, December 12, 13. Petaluma, December 19, 20. Green Valley, Sonoma Co., Jan. 16, 17, 1875. CAL. CONF. COMMITTEE. California Conference. TxiE third Annual Session of the California State Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, will be held in connection with the Camp Meeting, at Yountville, from Oct. 1st to 12th. The time of the first business session will be announced by the President, from the stand. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH, ), JOHN JUDSON, Cal. Coif. Corn. J. W. BOND. Ł Cal. State Missionary Society. THE California State Missionary Society will hold its fourth Annual Session at Yountville, Cal., in connection with the Camp Meeting, from Oct. 1st. to 12th. The time of the first business session will be announced by the Pres-ident, Eld. J. N. Loughborough, after Camp Meeting is opened. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH, Executive Com. JOHN JUDSON, of Cal. State Mis- J. W. BOND. sionary Society. NOTE.ŠYesterday, Aug. 11, I visited and thoroughly examined our Camp Grounds. On Monday next Bro. Custer is to meet with oth-ers there and make a clearing of the poison oak vines from the camping ground. Ample room this year for camping tents in good shade. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH. NOTICE.ŠThose wishing tents 10x12, heavy drilling, $18.00 each, pitched on the ground, or sheet iron camp stoves, round, 16 inches wide, by 18 inches high, $2.00 each on the ground, write immediately, as these stoves and tents have to be made to order. It takes a little time to make them. ŁWe must have the orders soon. Direct all letters respecting the Camp Meeting to Eld. J. N. Loughborough, St. Helena, Napa Co., Cal. Let each Church inform us as soon as possible the number and size of tents they will send to Camp Meeting this year. CAL. CONF. COMMITTEE. We have received a list of eleven names from West Bolton, and Jericho Corners, Vt. , with no name signed. Will the person sending the list inform us if conditions of Postal Law, in No. 5 of SIGNS, have been complied with ? One 1a-unfired Dollars Each. IT has been proposed to raise $20,000 to estab-lish the press on the Pacific coast, in sums of $100 each. Smaller sums donated to the Pacific Mission can be used in the publication of the SIGNS OF THE TIMES, provided that two hundred persons will respond to this call. Let us hear from the brethren in California. Donations for the Signs. $5.00 EACH. J. D. Bandy, Sadie C. Reaser, M. Hun-ted, W. Sutliff, Mary R. Stem (for Miss E. R. Stebbins, Mrs. Sarah Patch, Chas. Stem, Jacob Hankins, Mrs. Anna Dalrymple), A. W. Smith. $2.00 EACH. Isabella Moore, R. H. Peck, N. L. Ir-ving, Miss H. A. Steinhaur, L. A. Bramhall, M. H. Bates, Mary A. Howe, Joseph E. Wilson, George Cobb, Luman Carpenter, Wealthy McNitt, D. W. Clay, L. P. Bailey, Michael Fallon, J. Harrington, John Manly, 0. F. Metcalf, Cornelia E. Currier, Thomas Parker, Mrs. Mary McDaniel, Miss Rachael Good, Mrs. Har-riet Poulson, M. A. P. Wheelock, F. W. Mace, H. B. Stratton, Z. W. Leach, Lewis Martin, S. N. Haskell, Mrs. A. H. Huntley, Mrs. L. M. Cottle, Lizzie Horn-by, J. W. Rickett, E. W. Whitney. $1.00 EACH. Milo Greenfield, Geo. F. Brown, Wm. Mallah, John Weaver, Addie Worster. 50 cts. EACH. James Best, Mrs. Eliza B. M. Each-ron, Jas. M. Kenyon, D. J. West, G. J. Overahiner, H. D. Smith. MISCELLANEOUS. Elisha Sharp $2.80, B. R. Holiday, $2.20, Mrs. Joel Beech $1.25, S. Calder $1.50, S. J. Gardner $1.50, L. R. Chapel $2.50, Daniel Guile $3. North Pacific Mission. R. F. Andrews and wife $10, C. M. Shepard $3, D. W. Clay $3, W. P. Andrews $25, Martha A. Andrews $10, W. S. Harrington $5, Woods Bute $5, H. C. Miller , M. Fallon $1, L. and S. E. Chapel $2.50, W. Sut- liff $5, D. C. Webster $5. Still due of the $1,000 advanced, $133.07. Let it come in. 