Vol. 1, No. 6. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. 47. forcibly in other transactions. Thus Norton translates it, " Think not that I am come to annul the law or the prophets, I am not come to annul but to perfect." Dickinson renders it, ." Imagine not that I have appeared to subvert the law or the prophets, I am not come to subvert but to establish." Murdock's :Syriac Testament says, " Do not suppose that I have come to subvert the law or the pro-phets." The Emphatic Diaglott, " Think not that I have come to subvert the law or the prophets, I am come not to subvert but to ratify." And so many other translations. No language could have more plainly ex-pressed the idea that Christ had not come to abolish the law. Having told his disciples what he had not come to do, he next tells them what his ob-ject was touching the law and the prophets. He says, I am come to fulfill them. To ful-fill, Webster says, is to " accomplish, or car-ry into effect." To fulfill the law was to do what the law requires. That this is the mean-ing of fulfill is evident from the Bible itself. Jesus said to John, " It becometh us to fulfill all righteousness." Matt. 3 : 15 ; that is to do everything that is right. Is a thing end-ed when it is fulfilled ? Then Christ taught John that it became them to end all- righte-ousness. How absurd ! But does not a law end when it is fulfilled ? We answer, No. Read Galations 6 : 2. " Bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfill the law of Christ." Did the law of Christ end when it was ful- filled If so, it was abolished in the days of the apostles. Rom. 2 : 25-27, is a good il-lustration of the meaning of the word fulfill. " For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law ; but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircum-cision." Verse 25. Here keeping' the law is contrasted with the breaking of the law. " And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfill the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost trans-gress the law ?" Versd 27. And here ful-filling the law is contrasted with transgreSs-ing the law ; so that to fulfill a law is to keep that law, instead of transgressing it. A little thought will show that keeping a moral law cannot possibly bring it to an end. To illustrate : The law said, " Honor thy father and thy mother." Christ fulfilled this law by honoring his parents. The first time he honored his parents, he fulfilled this law, did he not ? Certainly. Well, did that law end then ? Was he under no farther obliga-tions to honor his parents ? Or after he had fulfilled that law all his life in honoring them, did that terminate that law so that others are under no obligations to honor their parents ? how absurd. Or, take the Sab-bath commandment. It required the sacred observance of the seventh day. When Christ had kept one Sabbath he had fulfilled that law. Did the law end there and then, so that he was not bound to keep the next Sab-bath ? If so, the law ended, not at the cross, but thirty years before, the very moment that Christ had once kept it. Who believes this ? Can we not see that to obey a moral precept once, twice, or a thousand times, does not les-sen our obligation to continue to do so. - Fulfilling a prophecy is quite a different thing. The prophecy said that Christ should be born in Bethlehem. The moment he was born there, that prophecy was fulfilled, and never had to be fulfilled again ; and so of all prophecies ; but not so of the law.. Obey-ing it once does not end the obligation. " Thou shalt not kill." Refraining from murder one day, fulfills what the law re-quires. Can we then murder the next day ? No, it must be fulfilled just the same the next day, and so on forever. Men do not consider what they are saying, when they ar-gue that the law died by limitation, because it was fulfilled by Christ. That Christ here teaches, not the abolition of the law, but its perpetuity, is manifest from what follows. Thus he continues : " For verily I say unto you." For implies that he is to give the reason for what he had previously stated, viz., that he had not come to destroy the law. Why had he not come to destroy it ? Because, verily I say unto you, that is, emphatically, I tell you, " Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." Verse 18. Notice that there are two tills in this verse. 1. Till heaven and earth pass ; and 2. Till all be fulfilled. What does this language teach ? Our opponents claim that it simply means this : That no part of the law was to pass away till it was all fulfilled, which was accomplished when Christ died upon the cross, about three years after he ut-tered these words. But this would he an absurd and an unnatural use of language. He first says, till heaven and earth pass. Well, .1,800 years have gone since then, and heaven and earth have not passed yet. So he virtually said, according to that view, for 1,800 years,  one jot or one title shall in no wise pass from the law till three year from now. In two comparative statements the strongest state-ment is always placed last. Thus, I say, I will not preach here again for three weeks';;  no, not for three months. Now how unnat-ural for me to reverse this and say, I will not preach here for three months; no, not for three 'weeks. No speaker ever uses language in that manner. But our opponents' position represents Christ as saying, for 1,800 years not a jot or tittle shall pass from the law till three years from now ! Can we suppose that our Lord talked such nonsense I No, indeed ; this is not his meaning. The second till is stronger and reaches beyond the first one. First, The law shall not pass away till heaven and earth pass; but that is not passed yet. Second, It shall not pass till all be fulfilled. All what ? Of what is he speaking ? The law and the prophets. I have not come to destroy the law or the prophets, but to fulfill. To fulfill what ? Both the law and the prophets. Hence the term fulfill applies to the prophets. The law shall not pass till these are all fulfilled. Were the prophets all fulfilled at the death of Christ ? No, indeed. Will they be all ful-filled when heaven and earth passes away ? Of course not. For there are many of the prophecies which relate to the new earth, to the eternal world, and hence beyond the passing away of the heavens and. earth. See Isa. 66 : 22, 23; Dan. 12 : 2, 3, and many others. That Christ's language does include the prophecies none can doubt, who will look a moment at the original. Christ says nothing shall pass from the law till all be fulfilled. Does the word all refer to the law, meaning all the law ? Law is a noun, and all is an adjective. If the word all qualifies law, then, according to the laws of grammar, the adjec-tive must agree with its noun in number, gender and case. The Greek word rendered law is nomon, a noun in the singular number, masuline gender, genetive case. The Greek word for all is panta, an adjective in the plural number, neutre gender, nominative case. Hence it will be seen that all cannot possibly refer to the law, because it agrees with it neither in number, gender, or case. Probably it should be translated all things, and so several translations give it. Norton's translation renders it thus : " Not till heaven and earth pass away, shall the smallest letter or stroke pass away from the law, no, not till all things are ended." This gives the Greek idea. It shall not pass away while heaven and earth standŠno, not even till all things spoken of by the prophets have been fulfilled, which will take us far into the eternal world. The emphatic Diaglott renders it, " One tip of a letter shall by no means pass from the law till all be accomplished." On this phrase John Wesley makes the following just criticism :Š " ' One jot or tittle shall 'in no wise pass, till heaven and earth pass ; ' or as it is ex-pressed immediately after, EOS AN PANTA GEN-ETAI, till all (or rather all things) be fulfilled, till the consummation of all things. Here is therefore no room for that poor evasion (with which some have delighted themselves great-ly) that no part of the law was to pass away, till all the law was fulfilled ; but it has been fulfilled by Christ ; and therefore now must pass for the gospel to be established.' Not so ; the word all does not mean all the law, but all things in the universe ; as neither has the term fulfilled, any reference to the law but to all things in heav®n and earth." Panta here rendered all, is translated all things one hundred and fifty-six times in the New Testament. Here are one or two ex-amples : " Believing all things which are written in the law, and in the prophets." Acts 24 : 14. " Whom the heavens must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his prophets since the world began." All of which prove beyond a doubt that the meaning of Christ's language was this : Not one jot or tittle shall pass from the law, till heaven and earth pass away, no, not till all things written by them in the law and in the prophets are fulfilled ; which carries the law entire, through and beyond the gospel dis- pensation. D. M. CANRIGHT. (Continued.) Captain Wilbur, of the ship Dauntless, on returning to Mystic, Conn., after a year's voyage, stated at an evening prayer meeting, that, as a result of the religious services that he had held on his ship, nineteen of the twenty-one sailors, of seven different nation-alities, had been converted. GREATNESS, far from impairing goodness, does but contribute to its enlargement, as a public fountain is‚elevated that it may send forth its streams farther. ŠBosseut. San Jose and Santa Clara, Cal. WE have closed our tent meetings in San Jose after remaining there five weeks. Our congregations ranged from sixty, to two hun-dred and fifty. We gave Spiritualism a thor-ough exposure which stirred up much oppo-sition from its advocates. They are growing bolder and more blasphemous every day. We also thoroughly canvassed the life and death subject. Scores confessed that we have the truth on this question, and they now re-joice with us in the light. They can never believe the old theory hereafter. The truth upon God's holy Sabbath was acknowledged by all whe heard us upon it. No one undertook to defend Sunday. Some twenty-five or thirty have taken a firm stand to keep the Sabbath. Among these are two educated Catholics, one of them a Spanish gentleman. We have hired a hall, and shall have reg-ular meetings there. We sold twenty dollars worth of books, obtained fifteen subscribers for the SIGNS, and received thirty dollars do-nations on our expenses. Last Sabbath we Ł had thirty-three out to meeting, after which we went to a beautiful and quiet spot for baptism. Seven good souls followed their Lord in that solemn ordinance. Several more will go forward soon. We mean to follow up the work here and gather others who are still halting. Our tent is now pitched in Santa Clara, three miles from San Jose. Santa Clara is a village of about 3,000' inhabitants. We have held eight meetings with an attendance of from one to ,two hun-dred. All give good attention. We hope for a little church here to strengthen the one in San Jose. The " Third Angel's Message " grows clear-er and more forcible to us every year. It is the truth for this time, and we rejoice in its clearness, strength, and harmony. D. M. CANRIGHT. M. E. CORNELL. August 10, 1874. Vallejo, Cal. SINCE closing my labors in Oakland, I have been holding tent meetings here in Vallejo. Our tent has been here twenty-four days, dur-ing which time I have given twenty-eight lec-tures to congregations varying from two to five hundred. I have gone over the grolind of the Sabbath, and we had our first Sabbath meeting last Sabbath. Five took their stand for the truth. Others will come out. Oppo-sition sermons have been preached to which we reply to-morrow evening. I have shared much of. the blessing of God in this tent meeting. Coming here single handed, I felt that the Lord must help or I should fail of doing any good. His presence has been with me from the first. Still I la-bor on here, to gather in the results of our work. By letters from different parts of the State I learn that the cause is onward. Let us all be workers, doing individually what we can to interest others in this impor-tant truth. Pray for the success of our labors here. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH. Aug. 10, 1874. ŁŁŁ Ł The Hand that Saves Us. Two painters were employed to fresco the walls of a cathedral. Both stood on a rude scaffolding, constructed for the purpose, some forty feet from the floor. One of them was so intent upon his work that he became wholly absorbed, and, in ad-miration, stood off from the picture, gazing at it with intense delight. Forgetting where he was, he moved back slowly surveying critically the work of his pencil, until he had neared the edge of the plank on which he stood. At this critical moment his companion turned suddenly, and, almost paralyzed with horror, beheld his im-minent peril; another instant, and the enthu-siast would be precipitated upon the pave-ment beneath. If he spoke to him, it was certain death ; if he held his peace, death was equally sure. Suddenly he regained his pres-ence of mind, and seizing a wet brush, flung it against the wall, spattering the picture with unsightly blotches of coloring. The painter flew forward, and turned upon his friend with fierce upbraidings ; but, star-tled at his ghastly face, he listened to his re-cital of danger, looked shuddering over the dread space below, and with tears of grati-tude blessed the hand that saved him. Just so we sometimes get absorbed upon the pictures of the world, and, in contemplating them step backwards, Unconscious of our peril, when the Almighty in mercy dashes out the beautiful images, and draws us at the time we are complaining of his dealings, into his out stretched arms of compassion and love.ŠSel. "Who Hath Abolished Death." AT a recent funeral in this vicinity the above isolated text was commented upon. The speaker endeavored to show how this text should be understood. Much truth was spoken, but the usual idea of a spirit world predominated, and that there was only a mo-mentary change from the body to the spirit land ; that now the deceased is singing praise in Heaven ; has grasped and is now wearing the crown, and is in the presence of God. Once we would have received it all as sound doctrine ; but, thank God, we are no longer ignorant on this point. To understand this passage we have only to finish the clause. It reads thus : " and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel." 2 Tim. 1 : 10. Now how is it brought to light? Hear the Saviour in John 14 : 3. " And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am there ye may be also." So it seems from this that the dead wait until Christ comes in the clouds of heaven. The idea of the spirit existing without the body is all illusory. It is a doctrine imported from the heathen by corrupt Christianity long ages in the past. The dead wait for immor-tality till the life-giver comes. JOSEPH CLARKE. Style in Writing. THE best writer is he who can convey the clearest thought in the shortest space. Some writers so hide their thoughts in useles words that it becomes a task after you have read a column. to comprehend its meaning. Orna-ment in style is good when it beautifies the thoughts advanced ; it is inexcusable when it covers them from sight. A writer, before he touches a pen, should first get a clear idea of the subject he is to handle ; this well un-derstood, his next effort should be to say what he has to say in the fewest words possible. We would not have a single thought dwarfed by a stingy use of language ; but even this would be better than to see it choked out of existence by a superabundance of words. Write to the point, and whenyou havereached it, stop. It requires severe mental training to acquire that simplicity of emiression which conveys to us the grandest /thoughts in the fewest words, yet it is within the province of all to approach if not to equal it. It has been said that it is more difficult to abridge an article, or to write a short article well, than to present the same thoughts in double the space. When Queen Ann told Dr. South that his sermon had only one fault Šthat of being too shortŠhe replied that he should have made it shorter if he had had more time. Let our writersŠespecially those of the pressŠboil down their efforts before they present them to the public. In this fast age the man who can say the best things in the shortest space is not far removed from a public benefactor. Important Dates. THE following will refresh the minds of our readers as to the dates of the most important inventions, discoveries and improvements, the advantages of which we now enjoy :Š Spinning wheel invented, 1330. Paper first made of rags, 1417. Muskets invented and' first used in Eng-land in 1421. Pumps invented, 1425. Printing invented by Faust, 1441. Engraving on wood invented, 1490. Post-offices established in England, 1464. Almanacs first published, 1441. Printing introduced into England by Cax-ton 1474. Violins invented, 1477. Roses first pinted in England, 1505. Hatchets first made in 1504. Punctuation first used in literature, 1520. Beforethattimewordsandsentenceswereputt ogetherlikethis.ŠSel How to Look at Things. Two RABBIS approaching Jerusalem ob-served a fox running upon the hill of Zion, and Rabbi Joshua wept, but Rabbi Eliezer laughed. " Wherefore dost thou laugh ? " said he who wept. " Nay, wherefore .dost thou weep," demanded Eliezer. " I weep," replied the Rabbi Joshua, "because I see what was written in Lamentations fulfilled : Because of the Mount Zion which is desolate the foxes walk upon it.'" "And therefore do I laugh," said Rabbi Eliezer, " for when I see with my own eyes that God has fulfilled his threatening to the very letter, I have thereby a pledge that not one of his promises shall fail, for he is ever more ready to show mercy than judgment."ŠSel. 