46. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. Vol. 1, No. 6. The Saints' Inheritance. SPECIAL PROMISES RESPECTING THE EARTH. WE have evidence which is conclusive to our mind that there is a future inheritance of thiCearth. This evidence we will present in the form of a logical argument. The first prem-ise of this argument is : God has made certain infallible promises respecting this earth. Second premise : These promises have not yet been accomplished, and, according to the description the Bible gives of the last days, they cannot meet their accomplishment this side of the second advent of Christ. Af-ter sustaining these premises, we shall draw the following logical conclusion : Therefore, there is a future for this earth beyond the second advent, when the saints of God shall possess it, and when these promises shall be fulfilled. The first promise of this character we will notice is Num. 14 : 21 : " But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the Lord." There can be no doubt as to the certainty of the fulfillment of this prom-ise ; for the Lord has pledged his own life for its accomplishment. The history of the past presents no testimony that the earth has ever thus been filled with the Lord's glory. But in every age since this prediction, vio-lence, anarchy, and sin, have reigned predom-inant. It seems in the days of Habakkuk, prophetic seers were still pointed to that glo-rious time as yet future. We read : " For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea."* To avoid the conclusion that this re-fers to a perfect state, when " the people shall be all righteous," some have suggested that " there are islands in the sea which are not covered by the waters, so there may be peo-ple, even in this glorious time, that are still rebellious." But to show that this is not the prophet's meaning, we would refer you again to the first promise. "ALL the earth shall t be filled with the glory of the Lord." And Jeremiah, speaking of the glorious time in the future for God's people (chap. 31 : 34), says : " And they shall teach no more every man his neighbor, and every man his broth-er, saying, Know the Lord, for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord ; for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more." We claim concerninc,  these promises that they will not be fulfilled this side the second advent of Christ. It has been commonly claimed, however, that the world is to be con-verted, and a thousand years of peace and quietness be enjoyed by God's people on earth prior to Christ's coming'again, and that during that thousand years these promises are to be fulfilled. The testimony of Christ, as also that of Paul, is clearly against the view of the world's conversion. We read concerning the tares of the field : " So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field ? from whence then hath it tares ? He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up ? But he said, Nay ; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them. Let both grow together until the harvest, and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them ; but gather the wheat into my barn." Now mark Christ's explanation of this par-able : " He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man ; the field is the world ; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sowed them is the devil ; the har-vest is the end of the world ; and the reapers are the angels. As, therefore, the tares are gathered and burned in the fire ; so shall it be in the end of this world. The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that of-fend, and them which do iniquity-, and shall cast them into a furnace of fire ; there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth."t From this we see that both righteous and wicked are to be together on earth until the end of the world. So the world will not be converted prior to the second advent. Paul says : " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come ; for men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, trai-tors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God ; having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof ; from such turn away." It seems from the foregoing language that *Hab. 2 :14. t Matt. 13 : 27-30, 37-42. 2 Tim. 3 :1-5. a very degenerate mass of nominal professors are to exist in the very time when it is claimed that the world will enjoy a millennium. There can be no days later than the last, so the " last days " must include the very last day ; therefore, the above is a description of the state of a class just before the end of proba-tion. In verse 8, Paul says of them, " As Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth." It cannot be that " ALL the earth" is filled with the glory of the Lord while such a class are still upon it. Again, Paul says : " Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctines of devils."Il The doctrines of devils will be taught by se-ducing spirits, and many will give heed to them. This we understand is already being accomplished in the teaching and progress of modern spiritualism. This state of things, just described, which we see rapidly drawing on, does not look like a triumph of the gos-pel in the last days, or a binding of Satan prior to Christ's second advent. But, says Dr. Priest and others, " Christ is coming spiritually, Satan is to be bound, and a thousand years of millennium be en-joyed by God's people on the earth prior to Christ's coming to judgment." The word of God tells of no spiritual second coming of Christ. His testimony to his disciples, when giving them their commission to preach the gospel, was, " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the word."§ He promises, in this tes-timony, that his spirit shall abide with them, even as we read concerning the Comforter which he promised to send : " And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for-ever."¶ So it would be folly to talk of a spir-itual advent of Christ before the end of the world, unless it could first be shown that the above promises had failed, and his Spirit had left the world. His coming will be real. When he had given to the disciples their commission to preach the gospel, he ascended up before them literally-  and bodily into heaven. See Acts 1 : 10, 11 " And while they looked stead-fastly toward heaven- as he went up, behold two men stood by them in white apparel ; which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven ? This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven." Jesus' coming is to be as literal and visible as his ascension into heav- en. There is, then, no ground to claim that the promise that "the earth shall be filled with the glory of the Lord," can be fulfilled this side the literal coming of our Lord from Heaven. On the promises we have thus far noticed respecting the earth, we have sus-tained our two premises, and now respecting them draw the logical conclusion : Therefore, there must be a future state for this earth beyond the second advent, when the "glory of God shall fill the earth as the waters cover the sea." Do any still further urge the idea of a mil-lennium prior to Christ's coming ? we would say, If you locate a millennium this side his coming, it will be strongly infected with the papacy. We read of the "little horn" (pa-pacy)'  Dan. 7 : 21, 22 : " I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them, until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the Most High ; and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom." Again, Paul, speaking of this power, calls it " that man of sin, the son of perdition, who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped."" He says of him, " Whom the Lord shall consume with the Spirit of his mouth, and shall de-stroy with the brightness of his coming." So we clearly see that the papal power is to ex-ist, even down to the point when Christ " shall be revealed from heaven with his might3i,  angels, in flaming fire taking venge-ance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel." If the papacy, as here represented, continues till the coming of Christ and makes war on God's saints, there cannot be a state of millennial glory till after his coming. The doctrine of the world's con-version and a temporal millennium is of very modern date. The first who proclaimed it to any extent was Daniel Whitby, who died A. D. 1726. Previous to his time the universal sentiment was that the final inheritance of the earth would be the fulfillment of the promises respecting the earth. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH. (Continued.) II I Tim. 4 : 1. Matt. 28 :19, 20. ¶John 11 : 16. ** 2 Thess. 2. Hear Ye Him. " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen." Matt. 28 : 19, 20. THE above words contain the great com-mission of our Saviour to his apostles, by the authority of which they were to go out and preach the gospel to all nations. This work they were now about to enter upon ; but what shall they teach ? The Master's instruc-tion is plain touching that point. "Teaching them," says he, " to observe all things what-soever I have commanded you." - Thus he re-fers their minds back to the lessons which he had given, and to the instruction which he had imparted to them during his ministry. These they are now to remember and carry out. It stands out as a prominent fact in the history of our Lord, that at the very begin-.. ning of his ministry he chose his twelve apos-tles. See Matt. 3 and 4. These he kept constantly with him, during the three years and a half of his labors. Why did he do this ? He did not need them to help him. They preached but little or none themselves. The reason why he did this is evident, name-ly-, that he might prepare them by his instruc-tion for the great work of preaching the gos-pel to the nations, which work they were to enter upon immediately after his ascension to Heaven. Christ unfolded to the people his doctrines cautiously as they were able to receive them ; but to the disciples in private he expounded them more fully, that they might know what to teach in the future. "And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they were able to hear it. But without a parable spake he not unto them. And when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples." Mark 4 : 33, 34. Paul says : " How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation ; which at the first began to be spoken 'by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him." Heb. 2 : 3. This shows that the gos-pel which the apostles taught was the same as that which Christ began to unfold during his ministry. Indeed, the very object of that ministry was to introduce and inculate the principles of the gospel which was soon to be heralded to the world. Thus Luke says : " The law and the prophets were until John ; since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it." Luke 16 : 16. The doctrine of Christ's king-dom then began to be preached from John's time. And so Peter, when he opens the gos-pel to the Gentiles at the house of Conelius, says : " That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judea, and be-gan from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached." Acts 10 : 37. Where did this work begin ? At the baptism which John preached. And so Luke says : " The former treatise have I made, 0 Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach." Acts 1 : 1. Christ, then, simply began both to do and to teach that which his.  disciples afterward carried out. When Judas had fallen, and another apos-tle had to be chosen in his stead, Peter says, " Wherefore of these men which have com-panied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us, beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection." Acts 1 : 21, 22. They must find a man who had been with them from the baptism of John, during the whole ministry of Christ. Why was . this ? The reason is evident, namely, that being acquainted with all the doctrines and truths which Christ had taught, he might be prepared to correctly teach the gospel to others. . Let us carefully examine, then, what Christ did teach his disciples. In Matt. 5 : 1, we read, " And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain ; and when he was set, his disciples came unto him." Here the Mas-ter retires away from the multitude, as was the custom with teachers in those days, and sat down ; and his disciples came and sat at his feet. There were John, Peter, James, Jude, &c., sitting before him ready to listen to his gracious words. " And he opened his mouth, and taught them saying." Verse 2. In his last commission, he tells them to go and teach all nations to observe all things which he had commanded them. Hence we shall now listen with deep interest to what he says. He begins by saying, " Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven." Verse 3. That these are gos-pel truths to be taught to every nation, no one will deny. They are not things which are simply to be taught to the Jews in the two or three remaining years of the old dis-pensation. Thus he goes on: "Blessed are they  that mourn." " Blessed are the meek." "Blessed are the merciful." " Blessed are the pure in heart." " Blessed 'are the peace-makers." " Blessed are they which are persecuted." " Ye are the salt of the earth." " Ye are the light of the world." And thus he continues through this whole sermon, every sentence furnishing a good text for a gospel discourse. Indeed, we have here the very heart and es-sence of every gospel truth. In closing that wonderful sermon, he says, " Therefore, who-soever heareth these saying of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock." Matt. 7 : 24. When a governor or president enters upon his administration, the first thing he does is to deliver his inaugural address. This is looked for with great interest because it is expected to set forth the principles upon which the new administration will -be conducted. So Christ's sermon upon the mountain may be called his inaugural address for the gospel dispensation. It was delivered at the very beginning of his ministry, and delivered to those who in the future were to be' the ex-pounders of his gospel to the nations. It is the greatest summary of truth that the world ever heard. We therefore look to it with the deepest interest to ascertain what he instructs. his disciples to teach concerning the law. Does he tell them that it is abolished and no,  longer to be regarded, or taught, and that they must teach a new law ? Or does he instruct them to obey it themselves, and to teach oth-ers to do the same ? This is an important question ; and we should naturally expect that the great Teacher would not pass it by unnoticed. Now listen to his words : " Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the proph-ets. I am not come to destroy but to ful-fill. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." Matt. 5 : 17, 18. Of what law is he speaking ? Evidently not some new law of his which he was about to give ; but an old law with which they were all familiarŠthe one associated with the prophets. I am not come to destroy the law, he says. Manifestly the law already existing ; for it would be nonesense to say that he had not come to destry his own law which he was then about to give. It was the law already written, and one written with jots and tittles. But jots and tittles were a part of the He-brew language, and of no other. The old law, the decalogue, was written at that time in the H.ebre-w;-  language, and contained jots and tittles ; but none of the ' teachings of Christ were written at that time ; and when they were, it was in the Greek language, which contains neither jots nor tittles. Hence, beyond a doubt, he is speaking of the law which existed in the old dispensation. Of this fact we have positive proof. To leave no doubt about what law he is speaking, Christ quotes the sixth and seventh command-ments of the decalogue. " Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill." Verse 21. " Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery." Verse 27. The law under consideration, then, is that of the ten commandments. As this was given from Heaven in such a solemn manner by his Father, and occupied so important a place under the old dispensation, it was expected that Christ would particularly instruct his disciples what to teach concerning it in the gospel dispensation. Now we listen careful- ly. "Think not," says he, "that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets." Peter, James, John, do not get the idea now that I design to destroy either the law or the pro-phets, because I have set' aside the traditions of the Pharisees, and have disregarded their false doctrines, and have introduced many new truths. Do not, therefore, conclude that I mean to set aside the law of my Father. That this is his meaning, his words plainly show. He says, " I am not come to destroy." To destroy is thus defined by Webster. 1. " To unbuild, to pull down. 2. To ruin, to bring to an end, to put an end to, to anni-hilate." Christ says, he is not come to de-stroy the law, that is, to unbuild it, to pull it down, or to put an end to it ; for that is what destroy means. The Greek word here rendered, " to destroy" is kata lusia, and is defined by Greenfield thus : " To loose, to dissolve ; that is, to destroy, demolish, over-throw, throw down, Matt. 24 : 2 ; 26 : 61, met, to render vain or annul, abrogate, to un-loose' one's girdle, &c., for the night." This gives the exact meaning of the word. It means, to dissolve, to abrogate, to render null, to loose the binding force of, as one would unloose his girdle. Now Christ says he has not come to do any of these things to the law, to abrogate it, to render it null, nor unloose its claims. This idea is brought out more 