60     YOUTH'S INSTRUCTOR. 

humble man David was. Although he was the 
King of Israel, yet he was meek and child-like. 
David says, Lord, my heart is not haughty, nor 
mine eyes lofty : neither do I exercise myself in 
great matters, or in things too high for me. 
Ps, cxxxi, 1. Children, you can learn of David, 
how to serve God and walk uprightly. 

L. M. STEPHENSON. 
Aztalan, Wis., July 10th, 1854.

SABBATH-SCHOOL LESSONS. 

DEAR YOUNG FRIENDS :- I Wish to say a few 
words to you about the manner of studying your 
Sabbath-school lessons. In the first place read 
the lesson two or three times, slowly and carefully, 
and try to understand every idea in it. Read 
a sentence and then look off and think it over in 
your mind before proceeding to the next, and so 
on through the lesson. Do this before looking at 
the questions. Then take the questions, one by 
one, and look out the answers and commit them 
to memory. To make this easy for you, the answers 
will be printed in italic letters. Your teachers 
will probably go through with the questions 
attached to the lesson once, and then review the 
lesson, asking the questions a second time, adding 
such questions, and giving such explanations as 
may suggest themselves to their minds, in order 
to make the whole subject plain and clear to the 
understanding of all. 

May God bless you in learning the truths of the 
Bible, and may you have a heart to obey the 
truth, that you may be saved from all those 
things which are soon coming upon the earth, and 
be prepared to stand before the Son of man. O, 
get ready fur the kingdom; I want to be there, 
and I want to meet you on Mount Zion 
R. F. COTTRELL.

NUMBER I. 
THE LAW OF GOD. 

A LAW is a rule of action. It tells us what 
we must do, and what we must not do. If we 
had no law, bad men would steal, rob and murder 
without fear of punishment. So we must 
have a law. 

A good law shows what is right, and what is 
wrong. But men do not agree about what is 
right. One man would have the law one way, 
and another another way. Each one would desire 
to have a law to please himself, and no man's 
judgment is good enough to make a law that

would be just right in everything. But God, our 
Maker, knows exactly what is right for us to do, 
and he has made a law that is perfect. David 
was one of the holy men of old who spake as they 
were moved by the holy Spirit; [2 Pet. i, 21;] 
and he said, The law of the Lord is perfect, converting 
the soul. Ps. xix, 7. 

Then God has given us a perfect rule of action
--a perfect law; and if we obey it, we shall 
do just right. A perfect law cannot be made 
better by altering it; in fact, to alter such a law 
would make it imperfect. If you alter that which 
is just right, you make it wrong. A boy writes 
a word of ten letters on a slate, and spells it perfectly 
right. Let him rub out and change one 
letter, and it will be spelled wrong. So if we 
change one commandment of the perfect law of God, 
it makes it imperfect. It is no longer the law of 
God. He has said, My covenant will I not 
break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of 
my lips. Ps. lxxxix, 34. He never made a law 
and afterwards altered it. To say that he done 
so, is speaking against his wisdom and his truth. 
He is too wise to make a law that needs altering, 
and his truth is pledged that he will not do so. 

But he made some laws for man after be had 
sinned which were intended to last only till 
Christ should come and die upon the cross. These 
never were altered, but their time was out when 
Jesus died, and they died also. They were given 
to point sinners forward to the death of Christ 
for forgiveness, and when he died they could be 
used no longer. These laws required the killing 
of animals in sacrifice, which sacrifices were 
types, emblems or shadows of the death of Christ 
for sins. If men had not sinned, these laws 
would never have been made. But the law of 
God, which is the subject of these lessons, was 
made for man, before he sinned, and if he had 
not transgressed it, he would have needed no Saviour 
to die for him, and, consequently, no sacrifices 
to point to Christ's death. 

QUESTIONS.- 

What is a law? What does it tell us? 
What must we have? What does agood law show? 
If men were to make laws, what would each one desire 
to have? What has Cod made? What did David 
say? What, then, has God given us? If we obey 
it, how shall we do? To alter a perfect law, how 
would it make it? What, has God raid? What has 
he never done? To say be has altered his law, is 
speaking against what? How long were those laws 
to last which were made for man after he had sinned? 
Sacrifices were shadows of what? What if man had 
not sinned? What is the subject of these lessons? 
When was it made for man? What if he had not 
transgressed it? 
