kr ffiigno the Zintro IS ISSUED WEEKLY AT OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA. :o: Elder James White, Editor and Proprietor. TERMS : TWO DOLLARS a year to those who choose to pay a subscription price, and FREE to all others as far as the paper is sustained by the donations of the liberal friends of the cause. "All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness ; that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.' 2 Tim. 3 : 16, 17. IN this text we are assured that every word of the sacred Scriptures was given by the Holy Spirit ; that every doctrine which men should believe, is therein revealed ; that every fault is therein reproved ; that every error is cor rected by its words of truth ; and that per fect instruction in all righteousness is there in given. The design of its Author in providing such a book was, that the man of God might there by be made perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. This is the treasure which God has given to his church. Nor is this all that he has done. To those who are willing to obey the teachings of his word, he has promised the Spirit, to guide them into all truth. To men thus situated, Jehovah thus speaks : " Prove all things ; hold fast that which is good." 1 Thess. 5 : 21. That is, bring every part of your faith and practice to the test of God's sure word; ask the Holy Spirit's aid, that your mind may be delivered from prej udice, and your understanding enlightened in the word of truth. Then, what you find re vealed in that word, hold fast; it is of price less value ; but relinquish at once every pre cept or doctrine not therein recorded, lest you make the doctrines of men of equal weight with the commandments of God. What is the chaff to the wheat ? .saith the Lord. As the first day of the week is now almost universally observed in the place of the Sab bath of the fourth commandment, we design in this article to examine the grounds on which this observance rests. Those who are willing to submit their opinions to the test of Scrip ture and of reason, are invited to unite with us in the examination of this subject. For what reason do men prefer the first day of the week to the ancient Sabbath of the Lord ? On what authority do men continually vio late the day which God sanctified, and com manded mankind to keep holy ! Come, now, Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, Cal. Temptation. of Christ. EXAMINATION Of Seven Reasons for Sunday Keeping. BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. WHEN Jesus in his work of love Dwelt on the shores of time, How did the wisdom from above Through all his actions shine. The tempter, skilled in every art, To turn from virtue's ways, Found in the Saviour's guiltless heart, Naught but his Maker's praise. " If thou art now the Son of God, Send forth thy firm command ; And let these stones to bread be turned, By thine all powerful hand." Jesus to answer this request, Quotes the inspired pages, " Man shall not live by bread alone ; God's word is life through ages." Ascending to a mountain's top, All nations in their view, "Now worship me," the tempter said, " All these I give to you." " Get thee hence 1" He quick replied, " I'll not from duty swerve : Worship thou the Lord thy God, Him only shalt thou serve." Mark the sweet reward of Heaven, When Satan took his flight; Angels to minister were given, With consolation bright.' "Behold, I come quickly, and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be." REV. XXII : 12. VOLUME I. OAKLAND, CAL., FIFTH DAY, AUGUST 13, 1874. NUMBER 6. and let us reason together. Here is the corn tory of redemption. It needs but a word to make this clear : " He appeared in an mandment which it is said has been changed : prove that, in this respect, it is far exceeded other form unto two of them, as they walked, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it by the day of the crucifixion. Which is the and went into the country. And they went holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all more remarkable event, the act of Jehovah and told it unto the residue ; neither believed thy work ; but the seventh day is the Sabin giving his beloved and only Son to die for they them. Afterward he appeared unto the bath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt a race of rebels, or the act of that Father in eleven as they sat at Meat, and upbraided them not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy raising that beloved Son from the dead ? with their unbelief and hardness of heart, be daughter, thy man servant, nor thy maid There is only one answer that can be given : cause they believed not them which had seen servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that It was not remarkable that God should raise him after he was risen." Mark 16 : 12 14. is within thy gates ; for in six days the Lord his Son from the dead ; but the act of the John says : " Then the same day at evening, made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that Father in giving his Son to die for sinners being the first day of the week, when the in them is, and rested the seventh day ; where was a spectacle of redeeming love on which doors were shut where the disciples were as fore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and the universe might gaze, and adore the won sembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and hallowed it." Ex. 20 : 8 11. drous love of God to all eternity. Who can stood in the midst, and saith unto them, That this Commandment requires men to wonder that the sun was vailed in darkness, Peace be unto you." John 20 : 19. remember and to keep holy the rest day of and that all nature trembled at the sight ! It is a fact, therefore, that the disciples the Creator, which he hallowed at the close The crucifixion day, therefore, has far greater were not commemorating the resurrection of of the first week of time, none can deny. We claims than the day of the resurrection. God the Saviour ; it is equally evident that they now ask for the authority for the change of has not enjoined the observance of either ; had not the slightest idea 6f a change of the this commandment. and is it not a fearful act to make void the Sabbath. At the burial of the Saviour, the Papists believe that their church had pow commandments of God by that wisdom which women who had followed him to the tomb, er to change the fourth commandment ; and, is folly in his sight ? 1 Cor. 1 : 19, 20. returned and prepared spices and ointments on that authority alone, they are perfectly But if we would commemorate redemption, to embalm him ; the Sabbath drew on ; they satisfied in observing the first day of the there is no necessity of robbing the Lord's rested the Sabbath day, according to the corn week. , rest day of its holiness in order to do it mandment; and when the Sabbath was past, Protestants deny the authority of the church When truth takes from us our errors, it al they came to the sepulcher upon the first day of Rome, and attempt to vindicate the change ways has something better to take their of the week to embalm their Lord. Luke of the Sabbath by an appeal to the Bible. place. So the false memorial of redemption 23 : 55, 56 ; 24 : 1. They kept the Sabbath, This is what we wish them to do. We ask being taken out of the way, the word pre according to the commandment, and resumed them, therefore, to present a single text in sents in its stead those which are true. God their labor on the first day of the week. which it is said that God has changed his has provided us with memorials, bearing his THIRD REASON. After eight days, Jesus Sabbath to the first day of the week. The own signature ; and these we may observe met with his disciples again. John 20 : 26. advocates of the change have none to offer. If with the blessing of Heaven. Would you This must have been the first day of the week, they cannot present such a text, will they commemorate the death of our Lord ? You which is thereby proved to be the Christian give us one which testifies that God ever need not keep the day of his crucifixion. The Sabbath. blessed and sanctified the first day of the Bible tells you how to do it. Were it certain that this occurred on the week ? Its obserirers admit that they have " For I have received of the Lord that first day of the week, it would not furnish a none to present. But will they not give us which also I delivered unto you, that the single particle of proof that that day had become one text in which men are required to keep Lord Jesus the same night in which he was the Sabbath of the Lord. But who can be the first day holy, as a Sabbath unto the betrayed took bread ; and when he had given certain.that " after eight days" means just a Lord ? They acknowledge that they have thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat ; this week ? It would be nearer a literal construe none. How, then, do they dare to exalt the is my body; which is broken for you ; this do tion of the language to conclude that this first day of the week above the Sabbath of in remembrance of me. After the same man was upon the ninth day. As an illus the Lord, which the commandment requires ner also he took the cup, when he had sup tration, read Matt. 17 : 1 : " And after six us to remember, and keep holy ? ped, saying, This cup is the New Testament days, Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John," The Bible thoroughly furnishes the man of in my blood : This do ye, as oft as ye drink &c. Now turn to Luke 9 : 28 : " And it God unto all good works. Can Sunday keep it, in remembrance of me. For as often as came to pass about an eight days after these ing be a very good work when the Bible has ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do sayings, he took Peter, and John, and James," never said anything in its favor ? Or, if it show the Lord's death till he come." 1 Cor. &c. Then, " after six days " is about eight is a good work, can men be very thoroughly 11.: 23 26. days in this instance. But if " after eight furnished in its defense, when God has said Would you commemorate the burial and days " means just a week, how does this prove nothing in its favor ? Instead of being a resurrection of the Saviour ? You need not that Sunday has taken the place of the Lord's good work, , must it not be a fearful sin keep the first day of the week. The Lord Sabbath ! Rather, how does it prove that against G64:1 to thus pervert the fourth corn ordained a very different and far more appro Sunday has become the Christian Sabbath, mandment, when once the mind has been en priate memorial. " Know ye not that so when there is not a particle of evidence that lightened on the subject ? many of us as were baptized into Jesus either Christ or his apostles ever rested on Christ were baptized into his death ? There that day ? There is no such term as Christian But there are several reasons urged for the observance of the first day of the week, which fore we are buried with him by baptism into Sabbath found in the Bible. The only week wedeath ; that like as Christ was raised up ly Sabbath named in the Bible is called the will here notice. from the dead by the glory of the Father, Sabbath of the Lord. FIRST REASON. Redemption is greater than even so we also shpuld walk in newness of Was the act of Christ in appearing to his creation ; therefore we ought to keep the day life. For if we have been planted together disciples sufficient to constitute the day on of Christ's resurrection, instead of the ancient in the likeness of his death, we shall be also which it occurred the Sabbath ? If so, why Sabbath of the Lord. in the likeness of his resurrection." Rom. did he next select a fishing day as the time Where has God said this ? Sunday keepers 6 : 3 5. "Buried with him in baptism, to manifest himself to them 1 John 21. If are compelled to admit that he never did say wherein also ye are risen with him through it is not sufficient, then the Sunday on which it. What right, then, has any man to make the faith of the operation of God, who hath he was first seen of them, the fishing day on such an assertion, and then to base the change raised him from the dead." Col. 2 : 12. which they next saw him, and the Thursday of the Sabbath upon it ? But suppose that It is true that the professed church have on which he was last seen of them, may not redemption is greater than creation, who changed this ordinance to sprinkling, so that be Sabbaths. It was not very remarkable knows that we ought to keep the first day of this divine memorial of the Lord's resurrec that Christ should find his disciples together, the week on that account ? God never ire tion is destroyed. And that they may add inasmuch as they had one common abode  quired men to keep any day as a memorial of sin to sin, they lay hold of the Lord's Sah Acts 1 : 13. redemption. But if it were a duty to ob bath and change it to the first day of .the FOURTH REASON. The Holy Spirit descend serve one day of the week for this reason, week, thus destroying the sacred memorial of ed upon the disciples on the day of Pentecost, most certainly the crucifixion day presents the Creator's rest, that they may have a me whidt was the first day of the week. There the strongest claims. It is not said that we morial of Christ's resurrection ! " The earth fore, the first day of the week should be ob have redemption through Christ's resurrec also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof; served instead of the Sabbath of the Lord. tion ; but it is said that we have redemption because they have transgressed the laws, Acts 2 : 1, 2. ' through the shedding of his blood. " And changed the ordinance, broken the everlast Admitting that the day ' of Pentecost ob they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy ing covenant." When will theprofessed church curled upon the first day of the week, it re to take the book, an to open the seals there cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord ? mains to be proved that it thereby became of ; for thou avast slain, and hast redeemed Not until the " inhabitants of the earth are the Sabbath. But that it was the feast of Pente us to God by thy blood, out of every kindred, burned, and few men left." Isa. 24 : 5, 6. cost, and not the first day of the week, that and tongue, and people, and nation." Rev. SECOND REASON. The disciples met on the God designed to honor, the following facts 5 : 9. "In whom we have redemption day of our Lord's resurrection to commemo demonstrate : through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, rate that event, and the Saviour sanctioned 1. While the day of Pentecost is distinct according to the riches of his grace." Eph. this meeting by uniting with them: John ly named, the day of the week on which it 1 : 7 ; Col. 1 : 14 ; Heb. 9 : 12, 15. 20 : 19. occurred is passed in silence. Then redemption is through the death of If every word of this were truth, it would 2. The disciples had been engaged in earn the Lord Jesus ; consequently the day on not prove that the Sabbath of the Lord haS est prayer for the space of ten days ; for the which he shed his precious blood to redeem been changed. But to show the utter absurd! day of Pentecost was fifty days from the.res us, and said, " It is finished," John 19 : 30, ity of this inference, listen to a few facts. urrection of Christ, and forty of those days is the day that should be kept as a memorial The disciples did not then believe that their he spent with his disciples. Acts 1. Forty of redemption, if any should be observed for Lord had been raised from the dead, but were days from his resurrection would expire on that purpose. assembled for the purpose of eating a com Thursday, the day of his ascension. A peridd Nor can it be plead that the resurrection mon meal, and to seclude themselves from of ten days after his ascension on Thursday ' day is the most remarkable day in the his the Jews. The words of Mark and of John would include two first days, the last of ivhidh 