# 14    THE HEALTH REFORMER. 

to rest; and so give it no time of perfect 
quiet to recover from the effect of its 
labors. 

It is often said that "Experience 
teaches a dear school;" but in some respects
it is certainly the best, and when 
it is so it is worth the cost. All theories 
must bow before experiment; and in my 
own case I know that I was not prepared 
to judge satisfactorily in regard to theories
on this subject until I tested the matter 
by experiment; though I must confess 
that my habits of eating did not
seem to coincide with the best reasoning
on the subject. Every one has, beyond
doubt, felt a sensation at the stomach in 
the morning, described by some writers 
as an "all-gone feeling;" a gnawing, 
which has almost universally been considered 
a clamor of the stomach for food. 
When this feeling comes on, the person is
weak, longs for breakfast, and cannot
work before eating. This is taken as evidence
that it is occasioned by a want of 
food; and so I always thought. But now 
for the test. Since I have entirely abstained
from eating suppers, this feeling 
has entirely ceased; I have not once felt 
it. Others, working no harder than my-self, 
complain of this feeling, and long for 
breakfast, while I could wait another hour 
without inconvenience. From this I must 
conclude that this sensation is a call of the 
stomach for rest, and not for food. Sometimes, 
after hard Labor, I have felt a similar
sensation in the evening, and if I had 
given way to it could have eaten a hearty 
supper; but it invariably subsided after 
resting awhile. From all this I am well 
satisfied that rest, both of the stomach 
and of the system generally, is not regarded
as it should be; and that none can 
safely trust their feelings and appetites  
while in an exhausted or over-worked condition.
Now as it takes some hours for
the stomach to digest a meal, it is absoolutely
necessary that the last meal should 
be a number of hours before the allotted 
time of rest. What particular hour is
best may not be directly agreed upon by
all; habit may still have much to do in 
fixing the choice. But for myself I should 
choose to eat nothing later in the day than 
half-past one.

But some find it difficult to practice 
self-denial and abstain from food in the 
afternoon, after laboring. The demands 
of the stomach seem so imperative that 
they are almost irresistible, and it is hard 
to convince them that their feelings deceive 
them. In changing form three to 
two meals a day, the labor should be 
lighter in the afternoon, and thus allow 
for the force of habit. However erroneous 
or bad the habit, we feel inconvenience 
at first from the charge; and if we labor 
too hard while undergoing such a change 
it may prove injurious to health. But to 
those who think food necessary in such 
cases as above referred to, I would ask, Did 
you ever work so hard that you could 
not lie still when you retired, but would 
toss from side to side in a restless, wakeful 
state? Or did you ever see a child 
play so hard that it could not go to sleep? 
Surely you have. Did you ever think for 
a moment that because the body would 
not lie still under such circumstances that 
therefore it needed more exercise? that
you ought to get up and work till you 
could lie still? Certainly not; but you 
might just as reasonably have concluded 
as to suppose that an over-worked, 
restless stomach must be quieted with 
more food. This restless state of the body 
would, for the present be gratified by exercise; 
but it woudl prove injurious in the 
end, as it would only be another drought 
upon an already overtaxed system. So of 
the stomach; give it rest enough; be 
sure you do not overtax it; then, and not 
till then, think it will call for food.

If you work your horse very hard, and 
give him all he will eat immediately after 
his labor, you expect he will be sick. Or 
if he is taken sick unexpectedly in the 
night, your first inquiry is about his evening's 
feed. Why not look to the same 
cuase in yourself under the same circumstances?
How often does a child play 
till he is literally exhausted, and then 
rush to the table to still the cravings of 
his tired system, eating perhaps three 
times as uch as he should eat, and when 
he is taken sick no inquiry is made in regard 
to his eating; but the doctor is sent 
for; the symptoms denote fever; a "regular 
course" is prescribed; and if the 
child is strong enough to bear the double 
burden of food-clogging and drug-dosing 
and so recovers, the skill of the doctor is 
praised, and the "bill" paid without a 
query. And this will be the course pursued, 
and nervous prostrations, dyspeptic 
skeletons, and broken-down constitutions 
will abound until people stop to think and 
reason, and learn that sickness must have 
a cause; that an overworked stomach cannot 
be healthy; and that an unhealthy 
stomach cannot build up a healthy system.